Love this app. This app is very helpful and easy to use for younger girl, It tracks your cycle each month, along with any symptoms you experience each day. you can add note each day along with tracking weight and temperature during your cycle. The app reminds you days before you cycle start so you can be prepared. I have been using this for 8 years my daughter use it and so does my sister's and my nieces. I recommend this app to everyone. ,,, POSITIVE
The app is very good, accurate, it helps me thoughtout my cycle to be self aware and manage pms. I have been using it for 4 years now, back then I had given an alternative mail id which isn't working now and there is no option to change the mail id given... So if I happen to log out, all the tracking data for all these years would go. Kindly make it easier to change the mail given as I don't even remember my password and the reset authentication mail will come up on the mail id I can't access. ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
It's hard to track irregular cycles because your only "alllowed" to be on for a certain number of days but sometimes my cycle break thru close together and I start a new cycle as soon as the old one terminates. Yes this is not normal, I know that's why i want to track it.. ,,, NEUTRAL
I had irregular periods....and it always used to strike out of the blue😂 Thanks to this app I started taking care of myself...(tracking my mood,food....) and now Maya predicts my periods perfectly..(like the exact day) It took awhile(I think like a year) for the app to understand me...but now it's perfect.Love it♥️ ,,, POSITIVE
This app is ok but personally a simple period tracking app is not something i want to pay a subscription for. The ads have always been fine but now there are constant fullscreen ads which you have to wait to close. i don't mind paying one off for an app but the sub is too expensive. i just need an app where it will tell me what day my period is coming. nothing extra/special. wish they would release a free/lite version ,,, NEGATIVE
I Love it!❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
I love it! It's so useful. I just wish there were more mood and symptoms options.But, it's still great! ,,, POSITIVE
it helps me a lot! ,,, POSITIVE
They are right on better than a lot of apps ,,, NEUTRAL
It's good if you are consistent in logging or have normal periods. I loved this app. I chose it over 3 others I installed and tried. It is simple and easy to use but apparently if you aren't consistent it just assumes you have a period and if you uninstall it it erases your data so there's no point in signing in. ,,, NEGATIVE
i am unable to install the app....everytime error comes stating cant install the app ,,, NEGATIVE
I LOVE the Maya app and I recommend it to all my friends! It helps me understand and track my cycles and understand why and anticipate when I will be feeling a certain type of way emotionally! It helps me avoid unprotected sex when I am fertile and also helps me know when my period is expected and when I might be late so that I know to take a pregnancy test. It is so critical to a woman's health to know her cycles which is why I love this app so much! I've been using it for over 5 years! ,,, POSITIVE
Fake ,,, NEGATIVE
Very accurate ,,, POSITIVE
It helps me to remember my last period. Very helpful. ,,, POSITIVE
its a very calm and cute type of app.. ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful!!!!! ,,, POSITIVE
Had some trouble with the widget lately but managed to resolve it by deleting it and placing a new one. Don't love some of the directions the app has gone in over the years I've used it, but it's still the only one that gives me such a simple, discreet countdown on my home screen, and that's really all I do with it. ,,, POSITIVE
My experience is good. This app shows correct prediction and need more improvement in features in this app for premium version like ultra manifestation music related to mood during periods for relaxation, medicine advise, exercises etc. Premium year/month plans are reasonable. ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
This in one of the best apps to you know your cycle. It's cute and with a lot of options for describe how you are feeling and know yourself . Download it! ,,, POSITIVE
So far the best app ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use and great way to keep track of everything going on! ,,, POSITIVE
Love it ,,, POSITIVE
Smart app..must use...this app is really amazing ..it gives exact date of my cycle ..am impresed with the predictions and now maya become my good friend❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
I been using this app for years now, is SO useful and pretty precise. I love it!. Amo esta aplicación, la he usado durante años, es SUPER practica y super precisa. La recomiendo full! ,,, POSITIVE
Maya app was recommended to me from my friend. It does really helpful especially on tracking my period whenever I'm delayed or not. It has also other features like predictions and symptoms which helps me alot to be aware on my menstruation. ,,, POSITIVE
I like the app. Been using since 7 years. I have a recommendation: During the days close to periods, women observe increased hairloss. This is due to sudden drop in iron during the luetal phase. It would be great if Maya included that symptom during the PMS. It just makes tracking even more accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use and somewhat accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome App. ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app to fallow ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome...such a helpfull app 😍 ,,, POSITIVE
Bate certinho com meu ciclo e sintomas! A nova versão é ótima! ,,, POSITIVE
Better than horoscopes. Can be trusted. ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app a lot but I changed my device and forgot my password. I've been waiting for the mail for so long but nothing happens, please fix it I miss this app so much. ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ,,, POSITIVE
It's really useful app for tracking my periods ,,, POSITIVE
Great for any use ,,, POSITIVE
Im trying to recover my account,but no mails are coming ,trying from 5days ,I've used this app for 3 years now I'm facing this issue,now my history is there and I can't track it. Brilliant🙏 ,,, NEGATIVE
Very useful app, the user interface is very easy and the features are brilliant. I have been using this app since I got my first phone. ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this all since years. I did a factory reset and got logged out. Now I don't remember the password and forgot password tab is not sending me anything ti my mail ID which is attached to the account. I have mailed on help@mayalive twice and tweeted too. I haven't received a single response yet. Dissappointed with this. A simple thing like resetting of password just seems impossible now. ,,, NEGATIVE
I have been locked out of my account for a few days and I'm not getting the email to reset the account. I'm switching over to Flo after using this for like 5 years. Tragic end to a good relationship ,,, NEGATIVE
Gabisa login, forgot password ga dpt emailnya. ,,, NEGATIVE
Perfect app for every girl ,,, POSITIVE
Using since many years!!!! Perfect ,,, POSITIVE
I love the App, I've been using since 2016. ,,, POSITIVE
Its pretty good app. Tracks and predicts periods well and has other note taking features. ,,, POSITIVE
I've had this app for 3 years going on 4 now and have no complaints. Always accurate when it comes to the day I start my period. LOVE LOVE LOVE HER ,,, POSITIVE
Love to be with maya💕 ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect in setting the next period date provided we have to input the data properly first. It's a genuine app go ahead ,,, POSITIVE
All I wanted is here. Best ,,, POSITIVE
Absolutely amazing app, although I have not explored all the features, but in terms of record keeping the app serve its purpose, mostly predicting accurately. I have been using it since 2017 now and can't imagine remembering periods without this app ,,, POSITIVE
Good apps ,,, POSITIVE
My "No worry" app. It took a whole to align with my cycle but once it did, we have been on track. No issues or babies here🤣🤭 ,,, POSITIVE
awesome ,,, POSITIVE
My friend referred me to this app years ago and it made keeping up with my cycles so easy and back to normal! Now I am starting to try and get pregnant and the app still helps!! Now I use it to track my ovulation and "love" moments. 11/10! ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome app!! ,,, POSITIVE
Its really a good app for tracking period. Helps a lot ≧∇≦ ,,, POSITIVE
The best app I used. plus it's free. It's cute. Helpful. ,,, POSITIVE
In love with this app. So convenient and reliable 🥰❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
This App is really a very good fertility app.You could easily set a goal of if you wanted tosee you mestruation period date or Your pregnancy date.It really helps me in my period days.I am searching a good app and now my search eands here.This app is also very cute and aethestic. ,,, POSITIVE
After only a few months of inputting data, the app began giving very accurate hints and predictions about my cycle: symptoms, start dates, cycle length, fertility...I would be lost without this app now! It has also been very useful to use as a record for spotting patterns in symptoms, such as pre-menstrual migraines, and regularity of cycles. ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
I like the simplicity of this app and that it works eventhough I am offline! I have been using this for nore than a year to record my period. I hope they can add a feature where I can sync to my smart band and aslo to set reminders for using vcups other than pills and v ring. Highly recommended app! ,,, POSITIVE
Many years and counting I've been enjoying using this app. ,,, POSITIVE
I love it! ,,, POSITIVE
This app is really great. It helps me to keep track of my periods and I can also remember the last period date. I recommend this app to all the women ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app, is very useful ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this since 2014! Great minimalistic app 💜 ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ive used it for years. I can track symptoms, moods, concerns, anything I need. And I can always go back and search data I've entered even years later. It's an app every menstruating person neeeeeeeds ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ever my husband and I liked it so much. ,,, POSITIVE
Светлые темы и светлый шрифт, ничего не видно, стало невозможно пользоваться ,,, NEGATIVE
EXCELLENT! I gave this app 5 stars because not only dose it have a tracker but it also has an awesome team of other supportive women! ,,, POSITIVE
Great for tracking baby's growth ,,, POSITIVE
I have used Maya in a month and now am pregnant ,,, POSITIVE
Great for NFP and keeping track of your cycles. Totally worth paying for. It would be perfect if I could share with my husband. ,,, POSITIVE
The app is beautiful and I can do almost everything, but I can't find the pregnancy track anymore. What happened? ,,, POSITIVE
Love the app ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect and accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app. ,,, POSITIVE
I like the app. ,,, POSITIVE
Meritious.... Very good app ,,, POSITIVE
Best app I've ever had, and I've had it for at least 5 years if not longer. ,,, POSITIVE
Using this aap for long time...it's amazing ,,, POSITIVE
I been using this app for many years. And even paid money for one whole year premium subscription. And not sure why the account keep having problem since 2021 and reflect that I'm a basic member. I have been trying to email the developer. Seems no one bothered at all. Thank you for successfully disappoint a loyal subscriber. ,,, NEGATIVE
Nice app can recommend ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app since 2013, still is the one I always go for. Thank you Maya! ,,, POSITIVE
Nicee ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful app.. ,,, POSITIVE
Usefull ,,, POSITIVE
Has helped me since the past 2 years tracking my periods. Highly recomend this app! ,,, POSITIVE
Best app EVER!!!!! ,,, POSITIVE
It's being years using this app. It's not a want , but a necessary at this point. ,,, POSITIVE
I like it :) ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
I like this app very much I like it because it has no ads but I would like to have some locks for it it's ok but I also liked it very very much because it's a very best Period tracker and in which we can track it and also we can record the records which we have felt today and the most of us all the things we can also get a precaution and a good tips from this I and I adviceall the girls to download this app. And we can also use it as a diary as in the notes section we can write whatever we did ,,, POSITIVE
It nice ,,, POSITIVE
Recommended one I'm using thisss fromm last six months!!!!!! ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
I learn every day interesting things about the period. I stopped taking birth control pills, so it is a great tool for me. ,,, POSITIVE
very good app for tracking our periods...m using this app from 3 yrs ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Great app!! Love it so far! Tip for developer: add a notification which reminds me to fill in my symptoms and mood for that day ,,, POSITIVE
V nice ,,, POSITIVE
Great app, easy to use and aesthetic design. I really appreciate that they changed the ads so they don't automatically play audio! ,,, POSITIVE
Best app for any gynach system I used this app and within month I got results thank you maya team ,,, POSITIVE
App is great, but please there are people around who's menstruation takes longer than 7-8 days please stop forcing me to end my flow tracking while i still need it i know that it's 8day of my flow, don't automatically end it please!! ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
💕 ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful for me in tracking my menstrual cycle and to remind me of my pills. ,,, POSITIVE
This app is so handy to keep track of period, ovulation, any particular feelings and moods are prompted with a list of options to choose from, and adding in notes is really helpful. The tips are also quite useful to just keep up with what the body is going through biologically at each stage. ,,, POSITIVE
I never receive any notifications. I checked the settings, all notifications are on, still. My phone is Vivo Z1x ,,, NEGATIVE
Great app to track m. Cycle... My spouse is using for last 5 years and get accurate data every time ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Great app, love that it's on both iOS and Android so I never lose my data if I switch. Been using it for years now and I'm extremely happy with it! ,,, POSITIVE
@Maya I want to change my password, but i don't remember my previous password, please help me about it... I feel like iam stuck, I can't even delete the account.. Cause of the past tracking details.. And it isn't even allowing me to logout🙄 saying TRY AGAIN everytime... Can't logout, Can't delete account, Can't change password They are not even responding to the email, which send through customer support ,,, NEGATIVE
Im trying to get login since i formatted my phone, forgot my password, and have still now received mail for resetting my password. And the app is now even allowing me to create a new id on my mail id. ,,, NEGATIVE
I've had this app for years. Recently got a new phone and I've been trying to log in but can't reset my password. No one is reaching out to help. ,,, NEGATIVE
Not able to download the app ,,, NEGATIVE
Perfect app for every as it tracks periods, pregnancy, fertile days everything.it also gives notifications for periods.go for it girls very easy to use application.i am using this app since so many years. ,,, POSITIVE
Recomendo ,,, POSITIVE
Рекламы добавили, а напоминание работает в лучшем случае 1 цикл, лучше бы о функционале позаботились. После последних таких новшеств думаю о поиске альтернативного приложения. ,,, NEUTRAL
I've been using this app premium since 2013. Never had a problem. Even the times where my cycle was a bit short or a couple of days over, even when my cycles changes after pregnancy, it's still accurate. But I just noticed in charts, the key map says there should be a pink dot for pregnancy. How do I mark "pregnant" instead of "not tracking"? ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate ,,, POSITIVE
I love it. 💕 ,,, POSITIVE
Good app for tracking periods but I wish they will add more features to it. ,,, POSITIVE
Only two to three months its work but after 2-3 months it's not work and telling that it is not tracking ,,, NEGATIVE
Easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Overall it's a good app ,,, POSITIVE
Works well and is accurate can use graphs to see difference in cycles. Maybe see 1 add when logging but I don't spend a long time on the app. ,,, POSITIVE
Doesn't like the interface. ,,, NEGATIVE
I use since 2017, and I like. But there are no updates, it's just always the same. Wish it could be more dynamic like "Clue", and have more traking options. I don't wanna change apps cuz i track my entire sex life and pill on Maya, but i don't know if i gonna be able to keep using this app since there are a bunch of better ones. ,,, NEUTRAL
I had been using Maya for many years now. Very easy app to navigate , helpful and educational. Love it ,,, POSITIVE
I love it ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful for girls. Not only They're able to make a pre-planning for upcomming periods cycle...but also for knowing the pregnancy arrival. Always stay safe and healthy 💖 ,,, POSITIVE
Only reason I'm not switching is I have a long history with the app - changed to 1 star review because of the unnecessary and ridiculous gendered language in the new "Tips" section. Honestly getting rid of that whole feature would be an improvement, it's basically just cringey, outdated gendered stereotypes anyways. Who wrote that and why?! ,,, NEGATIVE
it doesnt track my days well thats the only problem thats why i give it 4 not 5 stars😗 ,,, POSITIVE
The biggest app!! ,,, POSITIVE
I used to loved now I can't even install. I don't know what happened. Could you please help me to solve this? ,,, NEGATIVE
Best app ....non paid and excellent features with beautiful and creative designs ,,, POSITIVE
Great app, made my life so much easier ,,, POSITIVE
❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app ,,, POSITIVE
Good and easy guide for Hormonal track and Menstrual period. ,,, POSITIVE
Loved this app the predictions are absolutely correct 👌 ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Such a great little app with all the tools you might need to keep a detailed diary. I also find the alerts super helpful for staying on top of things! You could say we're in sync 👯 ,,, POSITIVE
User friendly ,,, POSITIVE
Kinda good ,,, POSITIVE
This is actually a good period tracker with an engaging UI. It doesn't shove pregnancy info in my face... However, the language isn't trans-friendly either so I cannot rate it any higher than I have. Not everyone who menstruates is a woman. Even the little icons for moods, while pretty, are blatantly feminine. ,,, NEUTRAL
I've been using Maya since 2016 and it's the best (and prettiest) period tracking app I've seen. Love it. ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app... ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ever loving it❤️😘 ,,, POSITIVE
I like that use of the Note ,,, POSITIVE
I've tried so many apps and this is by far, the best. No unnecessary ad leads makes for WONDERFUL navigation. The app is lovely! ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Awsome ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app thank you ,,, POSITIVE
Muito prático ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Fine ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app for years at this point and it is pretty accurate when it comes to when my period starts normally, and the symptoms and moods are starting to get on point as well at predicting what I'm going to feel. ,,, POSITIVE
The best app ever! ,,, POSITIVE
Have been using it since years. Love the user-friendly interface, the tips, the mood tracker, the accuracy of the next cycle. Everything. ,,, POSITIVE
No app is better than this ,,, POSITIVE
So freaking helpful! ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app ,,, POSITIVE
Its best really😭😭 ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using Maya for over a year now, and it correctly tracks my cycles and gives helpful info about safe and unsafe days according to my fertility levels. Very helpful! I'm using the free version. ,,, POSITIVE
It's an amazing app.. ,,, POSITIVE
Using the app for past 4.5 years. Very convinient for tracking the period days , dates nd menstrual phases. Thnx ,,, POSITIVE
I need a new app and wanted to use this one since it has good reviews but my cycle length is 20 days and 8 day period. It's not inclusive enough ,,, NEGATIVE
Very simple and easy to use, lots of great information and tracking tools provided. ,,, POSITIVE
Gteat ,,, POSITIVE
It's been a great journey so far ,,, POSITIVE
Loved the app. It's so convenient. ,,, POSITIVE
Very simple and easy, also only has necessary tracking + a community to consult about short, quick questions ;) Might get a little frustrating if your period cycle length (regularly) exceeds 45 days as those long cycles are not put in the calculation of your average cycle length (and not graphed in the overview) - would like to see that changed. Otherwise still very happy after over a year of using it. :) ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app its my favorite period tracker ive ever used ,,, POSITIVE
Womderful ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this for years. Nice and very simple app. Love it :) ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for years and I think is amazing. It is very user friendly and the predictions are accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Is a dark theme too much to ask? And can't there be more minimalistic themes, why does everything have to be so stereotypically flowery and girly?!?!?! ,,, NEGATIVE
I had it since my freshman year of highschool and i graduated this year and I still use it. Pretty spot on when it comes to prediciting my cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
P2 ,,, POSITIVE
😊😍 ,,, POSITIVE
the apps is great tho recently it adds on ads. been using this since teenagers, married and now in my 30s! Go maya! ,,, POSITIVE
The best! ,,, POSITIVE
I love it!!! Great experience so far. ,,, POSITIVE
Aesthetics are too girly and there is far too much data on one page. Just because we are girls and women doesn't mean we want floaty ultra femme visuals and fonts. Nothing against it but it can't be the only option. Can we have some masculine themes please and neat fonts? Also simple backgrounds with solid blocks of colour not crafty. Lastly can everything be smaller and neater with less info on the initial page? It's very overwhelming when you open it up. ,,, NEGATIVE
Very good ,,, POSITIVE
Its a very good app for every woman ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful app, been using this since I got my first android mobile in 2013 till now. This app helped me tracked my cycle and pregnancy will all my 3 babies. I will continue using this app till well who knows😊😍 ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
It is an awesome, it record our mood, flow, etc. Every girl must try. ,,, POSITIVE
you guys should add a free dark mode ,,, POSITIVE
Best app, always super accurate ! Been using for over 5 years ! ,,, POSITIVE
Love this!!!!!! Its so cute and accurate! Easy to use most of all! ,,, POSITIVE
Simple interface, functional, and woman friendly. The community is so nice and helping. ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app, used it for yours ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate 👌 ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app for years and I love it! ,,, POSITIVE
It's a very good app. It helps me keeping the track over my period cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
Had privacy breach within 10 seconds of installing the app ,,, NEGATIVE
Its a very good aap. M a very long time user and now i just belive on this app. It tell accurate date. Overall ut a very nice app. Doing great work. ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome app. ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ever...last 4 years....n still m using this mays...thnks maya.... ,,, POSITIVE
So far am enjoying the services rendered, thanks ,,, POSITIVE
Favorite cycle tracking app! Minimal ads and very nice layout and features. ,,, POSITIVE
This tracker was never on time ,,, NEGATIVE
Awesome app, it's accurate on period day predictions and ovulation day ,,, POSITIVE
Great App, have been using since 4 years now ,,, POSITIVE
It works very good ,,, POSITIVE
I'm logged out of my account. I forgot my password and app is saying it has sent me email but I'm not getting any email from app. ,,, POSITIVE
I'm still getting used to it but it is great so far. I used to use Eve, which is great as well don't get me wrong, but they shove premium down your throat. Maya has all of Eve's features, except the quizzes. I can see ads and premium but not intrusively. 😍👍🏾 ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for more than 3 years now. I recently changed my mobile and do not remember the password and unable to login into the account. When I try to reset it says the email is sent to my email but nothing happens. There is no email in the inbox nor spam...... Can someone please help? ,,, NEUTRAL
Good app . ,,, POSITIVE
App era muito bom, porém ao clicar para encerrar o ciclo e confirmar a data, o App não marca o encerramento e fica registrando como dias de ciclo. Por favor corrijam esse bug urgentemente. Paguei a versão premium e não faz sentido ter um app de registro de ciclo menstrual que não registra o ciclo. Obrigada. ,,, NEGATIVE
LA AMO ,,, POSITIVE
When the period is a few days late the calendar doesn't recalibrate - meaning that it will eventually start listing your next period way too early. Apparently I am starting this month on day 23/28 which has never happened in my life. This is a huge inconvenience and defeats the point of using an app if I have to count manually. ,,, NEUTRAL
Eu gosto ,,, POSITIVE
I can never get the app to remind me to take my birth control, it does remind me other things but not what I need. Uninstalled it because of this. ,,, NEGATIVE
I am trying to retrieve my password. App is showing reswr password mailed to enail id but no mail came. Tried atleast 20 times. Not working. Even mailed at the help mail id but still no response. How can the customer service be so bad ? ,,, NEGATIVE
Okay so first of thankyou so much whoever made this app... Such a helpful app.. I always forget my dates but the day i install this app .... Thankyou Maya❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
The reset password option doesn't work, unable to access my account. kindly fix. But great app. ,,, NEGATIVE
I like this app, simple and beautiful design, very helpful with track my period ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app help me always ,,, POSITIVE
Love it ,,, POSITIVE
Love it ,,, POSITIVE
Worst ever app used. It takes days to reply on posts and not even descriptive and don't know how they reply oders in no time or short times. Was about u refer my few friends because i saw the post and replies so thought would help them. Going by my experience would never refer to anyone. ,,, NEGATIVE
Mostly accurate app to track period and ovalutaion. I have been using a since 3 years ,,, POSITIVE
Very good ,,, POSITIVE
Doesn't allow me to track my period when it's delayed :( ,,, NEUTRAL
The app is really great and I love the asthetic - I've been looking for something like this for some time. It encourages me to use it and stay on top of taking my temp and weighing myself, and recording the measurements. My rating would be 5 stars if it were possible to export or share notes from a specific range of dates to share for health care purposes. I'd also love to see "Silly," "Motivated," "Unmotivated," and "Productive" in the moods/symptoms section as this is helpful for me to track. ,,, POSITIVE
It's a guud app guys try it.............. ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome app it's been 3 years since I have been using this app ,,, POSITIVE
I can remember my most important time ....maya also help me to track my body changes during period ..gives me lots of knowledge about the info i was not aware ....thankx...u became my true friend....👌💃 ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Its very accurate.. I always looked for the app which can help me to spot my menstruation period days... ❤.... But am gland i found myself one.. Thk u so much the developers of this app 😘😍 ,,, POSITIVE
Perfecto ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app for YEARS and it's accurate to the day! Also very easy to navigate and gives great insights to what types of symptoms/mood you'll be in. I also love the countdown widget. Highly suggest. ,,, POSITIVE
Osm aap ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate predictions, helpful. ,,, POSITIVE
Great app to track and record your dates ,,, POSITIVE
This is amazing app to help remember your cycle.. ,,, POSITIVE
Realy nice app ,,, POSITIVE
the ads are so annoying, uninstalled ,,, POSITIVE
I'm love this app. All day every day. It's like a kind of support during my periods. Try it. You'll love it ❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent app ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful!! ,,, POSITIVE
It educative and keeps me going, I love this app Maya have introduce it my friends. ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ..and very useful 💜 ,,, POSITIVE
Best app for my gf ,,, POSITIVE
I was using it from last 4 year...it was so helpful in tracking the monthly period.Any medicine reminder etc.I suggest other girls or women to use it for better experience. ,,, POSITIVE
Has really helped me track my cycle and everything that goes with it ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using the free version for about a year. Cute, simple, and clean. I do wish it had a few additional features (eg. pos/neg test result flags, fetal size indicators for the pregnancy tracker, etc.). Otherwise, it's a low key app that leaves you alone but is there when you need it. Just what I like. Subscription is pretty reasonable, and I would probably subscribe if they implemented just a few more features. ,,, POSITIVE
Been using and sticking to this app for years now I really like it. I was thinking tho could you add backpain as a symptom to the list? That would be nice ,,, POSITIVE
So well done ,,, POSITIVE
I'm am so upset I get no emails for my password reset. I emailed the help and still no answer. What kind of app is this with the worst customer service. ,,, NEGATIVE
Best in calendars and good estimation ,,, POSITIVE
It was awesome experience it is pretty much cool and Awsome you can go for it it has Awsome features and it decides your mode automatic 👍👍 ,,, POSITIVE
The forgot password option is not working. Kindly fix. I am unable to access my acct. ,,, NEGATIVE
Cannot backup my data. Cannot rwcover password. Emails not being delivered from app ,,, NEUTRAL
Great app to keep track. Love the tips also. ,,, POSITIVE
Best apps ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ,,, POSITIVE
Love the app, just wish i could see the following month ,,, POSITIVE
This app is awesome . And it has my sister's daughter name MAYA🥰. Its says the reality ,,, POSITIVE
I have had this app since December 2017 and I must say it works really well for me who always forgets the last cycle ,,, POSITIVE
Its too much useful.. ,,, POSITIVE
I like it so far so good ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app, so simple and easy to use. ,,, POSITIVE
Really great app!! You can earn silver by only sharing it with your friends and collecting a few points which is not that hard. Just the problem is that it does not include certain other moods (one is productive) and also they don't have a section for logging masturbation. Those things could be added and the app could be improved ,,, POSITIVE
Great app very accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Fun to get to know your cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
It is simple and perfect.. really helpful for you to remember your important dates ,,, POSITIVE
I used maya for 2 years but now this application seems doesn't work well..i already sent a report but it's been 2 weeks i've waited..still same..everytime i open this apps,it took 2 - 3 minutes and i only see nothing and all it's black after that the apps can't open and always "stop"_" maya has stop"! PLEASE! PLEASE! ,,, NEGATIVE
Okay this might sound crazy but I think this app has caught up to my trend, knows which day am I going to PMS, and has predicted my dates so accurately this entire year, it's bonkers!! Been using it since 4 years. Highly recommend 👌 ,,, POSITIVE
Very nice app. ,,, POSITIVE
Good and very accurate ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app for years without any issue. Very simple layout. I'm grateful for this app! ,,, POSITIVE
Most reliable app to track your menses! ,,, POSITIVE
Its the best so far. And the accuracy that comes with Maya is just something else.I love the app. ,,, POSITIVE
Useful ,,, POSITIVE
Simple and easy to use. I love how it keeps up with my cycle without me having to do too much work. I knew my EXACT due date for my baby because of this app. ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ,,, POSITIVE
Was great until I started getting spammed with ads. Uninstalled. ,,, NEGATIVE
Excellent! ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this app since 2016, and I rely on it every month. While I do have to admit that I don't use most of its features, this app does what I need it to do. It properly tracks your period and it is very customizable. It usually doesn't get the next period right, but that's okay for me since my periods are very irregular. All in all, a must-have. ,,, POSITIVE
Can't figure out how to change some info ,,, NEUTRAL
Good ,,, POSITIVE
It's simple yet it has a lot of useful features. It looks amazing too. ,,, POSITIVE
A very good app, I do really like it. ,,, POSITIVE
Maya helps me tô understand my body! I really recomend it! ,,, POSITIVE
It helps me a lot, this is the best app ever!! ,,, POSITIVE
Have been using this app since 2017, I love it , it's simple to use and aesthetic as well. I have changed phones 4 times since I started using it but I've always been able to backup and retrieve my data. Keep it up ,,, POSITIVE
Reliable. I tracked my period for almost a decade and it's track is accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
Very good!! ,,, POSITIVE
Love Maya. I would give 5 stars if there were more moods to choose from, including more positive ones. I like to keep track of my good moods too. ,,, POSITIVE
I'm here, because my ex period tracker becomes bad and bad everyday.... My first feelings with this one are really nice 😊 I'm going to stay here )) ,,, POSITIVE
Best app. ,,, POSITIVE
Had it for 3 years, has never given me any trouble and it's has always been accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Have been using thr app for over 5 years now, the best one no doubt. ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
Love it and its pretty accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Its a very good app. Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
Give me a great information about my ovulation schedule ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome app ,,, POSITIVE
I'm not able to install this app. Tried multiple times. Please fix this. ,,, NEGATIVE
Using frm long time love these beautiful app. True review .. Just on suggetion ... Irregular cycles in same month we cn not add so plz make these some changes .... Means in one month if somebody have mensis twice then we cn not mention these in same month I recommend to my all young patient to follow lmps .thanks ,,, POSITIVE
Maya is the best 😍 Helps me keep track of my period cycle ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate tracking ,,, POSITIVE
Is a great app ,,, POSITIVE
Usefull app ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use and track. ,,, POSITIVE
So helpful ,,, POSITIVE
I started using Maya in 2016, I loved the interface it had and how spot on accurate it predicted my period days, and NO ADS. The interface was so simple but it did what I needed it to. It's evolved into something completely different now; it offers a forum and you have to pay for premium. The forum is filled with posts of people asking others if they "missed their period, so" are they now pregnant? This app and users aren't doctors. There shouldn't be a place for questions like this. ,,, NEGATIVE
Such a lovely app with flexible functions to make our period days easy! ,,, POSITIVE
Sells your data to facebook, just like clue does. The intimate details about yourself, such as when you last ovulated or had sex, is sent straight to facebook in order for them to place eyes on you. Another potential sex trafficking scheme. Unfortunate. ,,, NEGATIVE
Very clear and easy to use app. Sends updates of when ur period is due or overdue so u can update it. Very good way to keep track of ur periods also. Think I would b lost without this app now ,,, POSITIVE
Nice and very helpful for those who never remember the dates ,,, POSITIVE
Not worth 😕 tracks wrong cycle it doesn't show accurate result at all wasted my 3 month ,,, NEGATIVE
I used to use it and i loved it ,,, POSITIVE
Ok ,,, POSITIVE
Very good and supportive M loving it ❤️❤️❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
I'm using Maya for past 4 years. It is an amazing app. ,,, POSITIVE
By following this app i got unwanted pregnancy.. Spoiled my life ,,, NEGATIVE
Been using this app since years and will continue. Great app ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using maya for years. I love this app ,,, POSITIVE
Very good ,,, POSITIVE
Using this for my daughter. I LOVE the layout. Its simple yet perfect. Not to crowded. I think its wonderful that it leaves todays tip in there. I read these to her. Things I can't always explain, it explains in there. So thank you. Not only are you helping first time teens, your helping mothers as well!! ,,, POSITIVE
Great app!!! It is simple and easy to use. ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app I'm using it since 4 years now ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing! ,,, POSITIVE
Simple and lovely. Better than most period apps out there. ,,, POSITIVE
Really love this app! Nice aesthetics too ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent 😊 ,,, POSITIVE
Overall interface is nice but lacks attention to details. Agreeing with several other reviews, the deal breaker for me was how this app does not allow you to mark the end of longer-than-normal cycles. The app will force it to be marked as the next cycle without asking.. I actually even reported this issue and the customer service just gave a generic response of how improvements are coming. It never did. I've switched to a better app after some googling. ,,, NEGATIVE
Great. Works well. Predictions good ,,, POSITIVE
My fav mentrual app since I was around 16, I'm now 27. ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app!It's good to track my Cycles! ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
From my experience it's a great app ,,, POSITIVE
I've used Maya for years and have always liked its accuracy. It did take it quite a few cycles to recalibrate when my cycle days shortened but other than that I've enjoyed having it ,,, POSITIVE
It's a great app... I love it... ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Great app! Not many ads ,,, POSITIVE
Wonderful app...I have been using for 7 years ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app. Prepares me well in advance and avoid shocks. Recommended to all beauties.. ,,, POSITIVE
The app is superb. Best of all. But i am just SICK of the ads poppin up EVERYTIME i click on this app. it includes freakishly loud sounds and always gets public attention even when my phone is silenced. It freaks ME out that i always almost drop mt phone. My phone is in edge of its life as long as i have this app. ,,, POSITIVE
Its good for me.. it help to get track of my periods... ,,, POSITIVE
❤❤ ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app ,,, POSITIVE
What a stupid name for a application . ,,, NEGATIVE
The best ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app! I even use it as my personal calender in my Phone now 😂 Clear, easy to work out and personalise Free for basic use.. can pay for more uses but does what I need and it looks pretty on my home screen ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Very nice app. Helps track my cycle accurately. Convenient to use. ,,, POSITIVE
Really a good application! ,,, POSITIVE
Good Application with Great tracking system ,,, POSITIVE
Its good .... It helped me a lot .....I never remember mu periods by this aap I know when my period is comming it is very goooodddd for mee 😊😊😊 ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app for very long time. I like the design of it. I like it because it meets my simple requirements which are no notifications and annoying adds, easy to use interface and descrete design ,,, POSITIVE
I have used this app for more than 3 years and no issues at all. ,,, POSITIVE
6 years and love it! Use this for fertility awareness to avoid pregnancy, only got pregnant once so far, so pretty good! ,,, POSITIVE
Delicate, made with love for us, woman. I love it 😊. Thank you 💕 ,,, POSITIVE
Acchi ,,, POSITIVE
love it, helps me track my cycle and let's me know when my flow is supposed to start so I can prepare. also has helpful tips and information. ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app! 99 percent accurate👍 ,,, POSITIVE
I been using this app now for few months and following Maya's guide like when I am safe, definitely I don't want to get pregnant again.. so yeah this app is doing great for me. Thumbs up👍 ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app to track down my periods time to time. ,,, POSITIVE
Is this app good for women's... ,,, POSITIVE
So I have been using this app it is really helpful as it keeps the record of your menses, also it has got various different options you can choose what fits you. You can also set your mood type. 👍 Overall this app is really good. ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful app , its the most accurate I've used so far ,,, POSITIVE
Fantastic App ,,, POSITIVE
The best😍😍😍😍 ,,, POSITIVE
I think the app should switch to more gender inclusive language ,,, NEUTRAL
It is just ads and ads everywhere..guys plz suggest a better tracker . I am uninstalling this ,,, NEGATIVE
Have been using the app for the past three years. Has been a wonderful way to track my cycles and of any other indications during or between periods. ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Gusté, fácil de usar y puedo anotar todo, para quien gusta de registrar sus días del mes. ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app. All info that I need is right here. Other apps asks money for it and the same thing is free of coat here. ,,, POSITIVE
Best period tracking app so far !! ,,, POSITIVE
This app is amazing It notes note only menstrual cycle date but it also tell me the next date of my menstrual cycle and even my mood and vaginal graph ,,, POSITIVE
Premium support where? I paid premium and I sent an email about 2 months ago and I still haven't received answer.. ,,, NEGATIVE
This app is very useful for me ,,, POSITIVE
Exelent app ,,, POSITIVE
The best app ever ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app! Very convenient and helpful. ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Now I can track my ⁶cycle ,,, POSITIVE
I recommend this app. It's helpful and effective I use this app since many years now ,,, POSITIVE
Very satisfying ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful app..been using this for 5 years now.. ,,, POSITIVE
That app is really good. I have tried so many different apps and this is currently the best ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful keeping track of symptoms and feelings. Love all the options. Only thing I'd appreciate is strength of headache options :) ,,, POSITIVE
Works perfect! I am very happy to use it ,,, POSITIVE
Muy buena app, me ha sido bastante útil ,,, POSITIVE
Really like this but it needs to be able to sync better with the pill. For some reason it shows my count is wrong when I know for a fact it is not as I've recorded it daily for years now. Also think it should be easier to change count/pill length. For those who are adjusting to different types of the pill it would be good to be able to log the affects it has on you as well as length etc to help find the right pill for you ,,, POSITIVE
Just want to say "Wow" ,,, POSITIVE
Great tracking app. ,,, POSITIVE
Para situaciones en las que tu periodo sea largo, aproximadamente 45 días, el aplicativo reconoce a ese periodo como si no hubieras ingresado nuevo ciclo, y no te permite hacer un seguimiento real, pues supone que ya pasaron 2 periodos completos cuando no es así. ,,, NEGATIVE
Good app companion ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app with very pretty theme. This is so calming. Recommended to everyone. ,,, POSITIVE
Beautiful, I Highly recommend. ,,, POSITIVE
A lovely, easy to use app ,,, POSITIVE
Sensible app that projects the date based on changes ,,, POSITIVE
Not accurate ,,, NEGATIVE
So, I experimented a little with a few apps before landing on this one and it has been highly helpful. ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app for tracking the cycle.. ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing and helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate predictions. I don't get a ton of unwanted notifications, which is nice. ,,, POSITIVE
I m unable to download this app...I don't know why...I tried a lot but failed ,,, NEGATIVE
Very good app Bravo to you ,,, POSITIVE
Its good ,,, POSITIVE
Great app, but its missing a feature that would make it perfect. An option to track ovulation tests and results making fertile window more accurate. ,,, NEUTRAL
직관적이고 위젯도 미니멀해서 좋습니다. 안드로 넘어온 이후에는 이것만 써요. ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent app for tracking our cycle👍 ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use, has all the info you need, no glitches so far ,,, POSITIVE
It's my favorite app. Love so much. If I can ask for something it's just the moon phases to help me more that it already does ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ,,, POSITIVE
So far the most accurate app! ,,, POSITIVE
Effective ,,, POSITIVE
This is the BEST period tracker I've ever had and seen. Highly recommended ,,, POSITIVE
Works for me perfectly ,,, POSITIVE
This app has a lot of good info ,,, POSITIVE
I ❤️ this app ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful and right predictions ,,, POSITIVE
Its good. ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use and very useful. ,,, POSITIVE
I like this app , it makes me notice , reminded and gave me info.the day i should prepare my pads , thank you ! ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app to track my period since 2014. It is very user-friendly with no useless ads. Truly one of the best period-tracking apps. Thank you! 💛 ,,, POSITIVE
Love it. Been using the app for 4 years now. Satisfied ,,, POSITIVE
Nice... ,,, POSITIVE
Best ever! El mejor! ,,, POSITIVE
Really simple to use and I love it! ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app for about 8 years now and I am very happy with it ,,, POSITIVE
Great, usefull app ,,, POSITIVE
Not good ,,, POSITIVE
Very good ,,, POSITIVE
Most accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Very cute App. Helps me track my cycles ❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
Ok ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent app for women to track n remember der periods.. thnks to the developer. ,,, POSITIVE
Best cycle apps i ever download.its amazing ,,, POSITIVE
Good one ,,, POSITIVE
I rely heavily on this app. It helped me conceive my second baby by giving me the fertile days correctly and now it is helping me in avoiding the fertile days. It is very convenient. As it reminds me to lookout for PMS signs. This has helped me to be prepared for my change in moods. Thank you Maya, I owe you a lot. ,,, POSITIVE
Muy buena app ,,, POSITIVE
Love it, it really does keep track of my cycle and everything, it's also my lil journal ,,, POSITIVE
Super useful, I really like this APP. I recommend it a lot. ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful 👍 ,,, POSITIVE
Great app and information, very happy with it. I reccomend :) ,,, POSITIVE
Really helped! ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Me toco reinstalar la app y ahora no me deja ingresar a mi cuenta, ni crear una nueva  o enviar un recordatorio de mi contraseña. Problemas con la app? ,,, POSITIVE
Used it for 2 years, reliable and pretty accurate 🤩 ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
I love it ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect! I really like this App! (Perfeito, eu gosto muito desse aplicativo) ,,, POSITIVE
Ads. But overall it's an ok app. ,,, POSITIVE
Won't be able to signup and login both. ,,, NEGATIVE
I'm using it since four years.. Period graph is shown for proper calculation. But at times, cycle is shown wrong.. Fertile Phase tracker is helpful, minute body changes regarding peroids are recordable.. Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect app for tracking my irregular cycle due to pcos and endo. Perfect little note section to note how I've been feeling and symptoms etc to keep track of how it's doing. ,,, POSITIVE
App is good, now encountering a bizzare limitation. After last baby born, whenever I'm trying to add a new cycle it starts new pregnancy 🤔. One should have more flexibility to edit start of pregnancy. ,,, NEGATIVE
This is app is really good for tracking my cycle as all as me having notes on my emotions, how my body feels, etc. I think I paid for the subscription so that I could continue to have the information they provide monthly regarding how your body changes during your cycle, but it's the same repetitive info monthly, so I didn't need to do that. ,,, POSITIVE
good ,,, POSITIVE
Almost 100% perfect but is not far off from predictions most times. ,,, POSITIVE
Tons of information and tips on how to correct unbalanced hormones and keep cycle on track! ,,, POSITIVE
I hope you get better themes for Silver users. ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful and encourages me to write a note on how I'm feeling physically. ,,, POSITIVE
It tracks my periods well I m using this from monthss nd I love it ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Great app, easy to use. Been using it for several yrs ,,, POSITIVE
This has been the most accurate menstrual tracker I've even used. I have a much longer cycle than the average and this app has been a pants saver lol. ,,, POSITIVE
This app like my true friend ,,, POSITIVE
Best App to understand yourself ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect ,,, POSITIVE
Love it since 2013 ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate and Easy to use. Nice to look at. Better than similar apps I've tried. We're in it for the long haul now. Its been a few years already and I dont see myself changing apps... If you dont record your dates, you should start! ,,, POSITIVE
Love it!! ,,, POSITIVE
I love t ts an awesome app t track yo circles😉 ,,, POSITIVE
Wonderful app ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Helpful ,,, POSITIVE
It used to be good but the constant ads are making me want to move to something else. They are also loud and very intrusive popping up just when you just want to quickly log a symptom or check your next cycle date. Can you please make it those small banner ads that aren't really intrusive? ,,, NEGATIVE
I love this app not only does it track your next cycle but if you have a question you can always ask us lady's. Love how aesthetic, positive and organized it all is. ,,, POSITIVE
Best period tracker. Using it for 4 years now, and it has never disappointed me <3 Love it guys!! ,,, POSITIVE
Great app! So many tips and information! ,,, POSITIVE
It works well for me. I find it reliable and accurate. Thanks ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
Wonderful! I loved the tips ♥️ ,,, POSITIVE
Only lets me pick from 2 different contraceptive options. Weird. ,,, NEUTRAL
The best tracker I've used so far💯 ,,, POSITIVE
Ecellent, 100% success in planning children birth... 😁 ,,, POSITIVE
It really helps you track down your periods. I have been using it from past 4 years now... great app. ,,, POSITIVE
I've tried several different cycle apps, but Maya has always been the most organized for me. The only thing I would like added is a larger list of symptoms for cycles. Fatigue, backaches ect. are symptoms that are consistent and worth a option to click on. ,,, POSITIVE
I really love this app so far. The only problem I'm having is that when you first sign up it asks you for a cycle/period length and I didn't know so I gave one which was too short, but now I can't change it and it's saying that my period has ended when it hasn't. I think you need to make that part more flexible as not everyone knows the exact time frame. But other than that the app is perfect. ,,, POSITIVE
Useful app to track your Periods. ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using it for years and it's the best! ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app! I have been using it 6 years now with no complaints! ,,, POSITIVE
I was happy using this app.... but the thing is am bit upset of reading negative terms ... like if this is happening then its cancer, menopause or this that a person get demotivated... unless the person is going through some pain or problems... am trying to conceive and the app keep popping that you have missed the date it's because of sone negative reasons stop giving such updated .... you need to have some some update in the app like ... implantation or easy way to chat or help .. ,,, NEGATIVE
Such an incredibly accurate and user-friendly app! Love how it helps me rationalise my moodiness! Thanks for making this. I've been recommending it to all my friends. ,,, POSITIVE
Please make a 'lite' version of this app. ,,, POSITIVE
Really good app, with predictions and a calendar to track your period, your moods and much more. If you have irrgular periods or you just want an app to track trings effort less. Give it a go!! Highly recommend it. ,,, POSITIVE
This app is so good and so accurate. I'm really happy with it. ,,, POSITIVE
On point. ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app and the little facts that it give me and the predictions are almost always in point! ,,, POSITIVE
Love Maya. ,,, POSITIVE
I like the App Maya to track my periods regularly, it is a very user friendly ,,, POSITIVE
Pretty helpful and keeps me on track. Still trying to get close to predicting my cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
it's helps me a lot. ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
Such an easy tool to use. Of course, your body sends off signals to get you ready, but this gives you the actual date. Its only been off twice in the 3 years I have using it. I also use it to track my migraines. ,,, POSITIVE
I love using Maya, it Helps Me a lot ! I have the Worst Merror Ever🌻 Also having Multiple Sclerosis it Affects your Period a lot.. This let's me track everything, Also loving the Reminders, For My (Nova Ring) to put it In or take it Out 🌻 ,,, POSITIVE
The app is great . It actually predicts my moods and symptoms crtly most of the time.. its easily to you . I used to get that before since the update before last one i am unable to get reminder notifications . Please help me with that .. ,,, POSITIVE
It's my favorite period tracker app so far. It's compact and simple in design but also presents the data that I wanted perfectly. ,,, POSITIVE
I've been having longer than normal periods recently, but the app assumes I've forgotten to mark the end of my cycle. It's very annoying. ,,, NEUTRAL
Love it so much! Helps me a lot ,,, POSITIVE
Go for it without any doubt ,,, POSITIVE
I just love it. ,,, POSITIVE
Good app for period tracker ,,, POSITIVE
Suggestion: If you could introduce customisable pad/tampon/menstrual cup changing reminders during the cycle, that would help out a lot! Edit: My suggestion was turned into a feature within weeks. Love the execution! Thank you. ,,, POSITIVE
Bahut achha app he ye ,,, POSITIVE
Using for 3 years now.... . It's always exact ,,, POSITIVE
Simpātiski, praktiski, informatīvi. ,,, POSITIVE
this is a very good app. very simple yet so intuitive. I've been using this app for many years. i keep in track when i get period. and it always give me the right time when I'm about to period or on my fertile days. super recommend for any women who tries to track every month of their period and or trying to have kid hahaha ,,, POSITIVE
very useful app ,,, POSITIVE
Informative ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app for awhile, but there's currently a glitch with the end of flow period. I'd love to continue using the app until this is fixed. ,,, NEUTRAL
🥞🥞🥞🥞🥞🥞♥️ ,,, POSITIVE
I usually don't leave ratings unless I really like the app. It is a diary of your body. I wish I had this when I was a teenager. It really changed my life. You can record anything, from your moods up to timings for taking the pill up to a log of the tines you make love. I love it and recommend it wholeheartedly ❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
Live this app ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing to track your cycle, and very informative with so many options to keep a tab on your mood and activities! ,,, POSITIVE
Been using for years, good! ,,, POSITIVE
It's a perfect app for a lady I say u should install it ,,, POSITIVE
This is very useful app. ,,, POSITIVE
Sharing the data with third party. Not cool!! ,,, NEGATIVE
Its perfect ,,, POSITIVE
These guys are providing data to third party. They didn't respond to a study group. Don't download the app. ,,, NEGATIVE
Vale muito a pena! A interface é linda e você pode acompanhar seu ciclo e ter uma ideia geral do que vem acontecendo com o seu corpo. ,,, POSITIVE
Wonderful app. I have been using it for years, it's predictions about dates is accurate and of course the reminders helps a lot. Didn't know much about mood changes before using this app..LOL..but the moods predictions are also good. Loved it so far, but wish to have more birth control options. ,,, POSITIVE
So perfect ! ,,, POSITIVE
It been right on my periods eveytime. And if you as qustions they are always answered by people who are friendly. ,,, POSITIVE
Very informative and helpful. Suggestions and mood predictions are accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
Easy interface ,,, POSITIVE
Really good app, very informative. ,,, POSITIVE
This is an excellent app for women who have trouble remembering the period dates and also for them who have irregular periods ,,, POSITIVE
nice ,,, POSITIVE
According to my notes i've been using it already for 5 years. 😇 ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Im in love with this app😍 ,,, POSITIVE
Useful ,,, POSITIVE
This app suck 🤦‍♂️ ,,, NEGATIVE
I like tha app so far, very nice and i like it ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate ,,, POSITIVE
It's wonderful app to keep track of periods..made the task soo easy ,,, POSITIVE
Move here because no ads Now need to pay for no ads Guess I'll find new I'm grateful to use this app ,,, NEGATIVE
A Very handy app to track periods. ,,, POSITIVE
This app is really great! I use it and DOT to have two points of reference for avoiding pregnancy. I only have the free version, but I love the insights and information it offers for where I'm at in my cycle, as well as the predictions for mood and symptoms. If something's happening with my mood or body and I'm not sure why, I now tend to check this app to see if it's expected for whatever point of my cycle I'm in. Overall, it's just helping me be more in tune with my body and moods. ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing and user friendly app, I've been using it for years. I don't know what I'd do without it. ,,, POSITIVE
Amo esse app estou com ele desde 2015. ,,, POSITIVE
Nice tracking app, but now that I'm pregnant, I'm not sure what to do with it: do I just leave it and come back after my period starts again? Will such a gap affect how accurate the data is (will the app think that I just didn't have periods for 10 months?)? It says that it can track pregnancy, but I couldn't find it. ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app for years, and it's been with me through multiple phones. It's a great app, except after some recent update the pill notifications stopped popping up, so it now doesn't do one of the only two things I need from it. Hence it's half as useful as it was 😭 hope it gets fixed soon ,,, NEUTRAL
good ,,, POSITIVE
Good app And make me amaze. ,,, POSITIVE
This app is very helpful,as I am given date by this for menstruation it's totally perfect. I mean this app track cycle perfectly even my safe,unsafe dates too. It's nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app. I've been using it for 10 yrs already. Thanks! ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for past 04 years now. This app is superb, I tend to forget my time. Also I tracked my pregnancy progress. I love this app and strongly recommend to all women's to use it at least once. I'm sure you will also fall in love. 😍 ,,, POSITIVE
UPDATE:switching to 5 stars as this error has been fixed. 👌 This used to be so good. But just today, I couldn't even input my end of flow! So does this means my period's going to continue on a daily basis? 😂🤔 Fix this please.. I've tried restarting my phone, clearing the cache and even turning it off and turning it back on again to no avail. ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app. The predictions are off by only 5 to 4 days. PS : I have entered my cycles for about a year ,,, POSITIVE
Best app for princess 👌👌 ,,, POSITIVE
May have been using this app for some 5 or 6 years ..I found this very useful... ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ,,, POSITIVE
I have used this app for years and it is the best. Always dependable. ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app...easy to use..liked it👍 ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for YEARS and it has not failed me. I love the easy-to-use user interface. ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
I am unable to readjust my cycle duration. Their is no option anywhere in the application. ,,, NEGATIVE
This is one of the most useful apps out there. It reminds you of your upcoming periods, helps track mood...great to know why the mood swings are coming when they do. <3 ,,, POSITIVE
Great experience ,,, POSITIVE
The app is useful and somewhat gives you an approximate time period. But there's only a limit of 10 to choose moods or symptoms I think there shouldn't be any limit. We can feel as much as we want. ,,, POSITIVE
So far so good. Just started to use it. ,,, POSITIVE
Best ,,, POSITIVE
Love the new update ,,, POSITIVE
This app is wow..I've used app for 4 years now and no complaints whatsoever ,,, POSITIVE
Been on the market for a new period app the lady few months. Downloaded several and gave them each a shot and this one is by far my favorite. I deleted the others and bought the silver version of this one, I won't be leaving any time soon! ,,, POSITIVE
It's a very nice app and it keeps track I recommend you download it ,,, POSITIVE
This app helped me monitor my cycle and plan my conception. Fetal development info and suggestions were awesome. ,,, POSITIVE
Its so helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate predictions of date ,,, POSITIVE
Best period app! Have been using it for years. It also has backup which is great cuz I tend to switch phones a lot. ,,, POSITIVE
nice app helps me to stay updated on my cycle and alerts me on diffrent phases of menstrual cycle to avoid unexpected pregnancy. ,,, POSITIVE
Free! Had it for years!😃 ,,, POSITIVE
Good tracker ,,, POSITIVE
best best best!!! soo accurate!!! love it so much!!! ,,, POSITIVE
I have tried so many period, fertility and ovulation trackers. However, this one is by far the best. I cannot sing it's praises enough! Absolutely recommend. ,,, POSITIVE
Love it!! ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
this app helps me tracking my periods efficiently. ,,, POSITIVE
Always helps me track on my periods cycle👌 ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
easy app, i had installed many apps on period but nothing beats maya. ,,, POSITIVE
Best app to track periods every month...regularly ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
I've used this app for years now and I love it. ,,, POSITIVE
very helpful and the app has easy navigation 👌 ,,, POSITIVE
I have the free version of the app and really enjoy all of the predictions and daily tips! ,,, POSITIVE
I like it so far although I wish they had more then 2 options for birth control. They don't have the birth control I am on (Implant) and I feel like it may make the data slightly off. Edit: its not tracking my cycle properly. I have yet to end my cycle myself and it keeps ending it for me. ,,, POSITIVE
I like the app, but how do you expect that any woman describe its symptoms, if there's a restriction of how you can write about your pain...? How is that writing " I'm in a lot of pain and have cold sweat" is inappropriated language? I really wanted to use the forum to meet girls with ny condition but now I don't know how to write my experience ( even when I have read nore detailed stories) ☹️ ,,, NEGATIVE
Been using this for several years.Very simple,does what it suppose to. ,,, POSITIVE
I've been having this app for so long I think its been 6 years since I have this app, It keeps me on update and it also says when you're about to start the cycle again. ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app to track your cycle . It actually predicts correct time for the cycle for me and also helps to maintain notes for each day. ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Super ,,, POSITIVE
Great app 😍 ,,, POSITIVE
Great app! Prediction is accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
I m in love with this app.it helped me in conceiving.it is easy to access and use.thankyou team maya ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful accurate date More suggetion ,,, POSITIVE
Best. App. Ever. Now I always know how mu girlfriend feels. 5 stars ,,, POSITIVE
I really like this app, barring the ads but that's okay as the ads are not much plus the developers need revenue too. I have one complain , I am not track my periods if I get it within 15 days of my last cycle. Now I have pcos and my cycle is super irregular. I should be able to track a new cycle whenever I get my periods. Please update this feature ,,, NEUTRAL
This really helps. This is The BesT app...... ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Helps me to keep track of my cycle and it's ad free. Thank you. ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect for women! ,,, POSITIVE
This app so good for me..It's hasn't failed me yet..still good for me.. ,,, POSITIVE
It's a really good app..have been using it for a long time now.. Probably the best period tracker out there.. ,,, POSITIVE
Not getting any notifications even though it's allowed on phone ,,, NEUTRAL
Almost accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent App that really helps keep track of so many things. Have used it for years and continues to improve! ,,, POSITIVE
I would like to customize the app more ,,, POSITIVE
Maya understands me perfectly..love the design and the user friendliness. Several years down the line, and reccomendations to literary all my friends, i have not looked back. So amazing and soo accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Loveee the app iv had it for years ,,, POSITIVE
Really happy with app it tracks my cycle very well❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using it for over 5 years. I would have given it 10 stars if possible, it's so accurate..It shows correct date of getting pregnant or should I say correct dates for avoiding pregnancy. ,,, POSITIVE
Maya is the best flow app ever👌👌💯💯👏👏👏👏 ,,, POSITIVE
Pretty accurate calendar. Been using it for 6 yrs! ,,, POSITIVE
Helpfull for maintaining menstrual calendar ,,, POSITIVE
Good tracking ,,, POSITIVE
Ive been using it for years, but now i changed my phone, ican't log in. It always says that the system is down or the internet is weak. Please do something. I need this tracker ,,, POSITIVE
It is very nice aap I like it ♥️♥️♥️ ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using it for atleast three years now Love it ,,, POSITIVE
Very dependable 😍 ,,, POSITIVE
Siempre he sido muy desorganizada con el calendario y desde que tengo la app Maya todo se me facilita muchísimo, la amo! Ahora estoy mucho más consciente de todo lo que está pasando día a dia. Todas deberían tenerla, es excelente! ,,, POSITIVE
Hasta ahora excelente 😍😍😍😍😍 ,,, POSITIVE
Отличное приложение. Помогает контролировать ,,, POSITIVE
After a few months, it predict the period date almost everytime. And if it isn't 100% right, is within 1 day of error ,,, POSITIVE
Great app, i 've been using the app for over 2 years and is just great ,,, POSITIVE
Its a good app has a community for you along with the information u get access to numerous questions and answers Happy ,,, POSITIVE
Good I really like this app very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
It is very good and it helps me to track the my cycle and fertility dates. ,,, POSITIVE
Best one!✌🏻💘 ,,, POSITIVE
it helps to keep my cycle trucking accurate ,,, NEUTRAL
Very accurate 👌 ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app. ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app ,,, POSITIVE
Buena app ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent App ,,, POSITIVE
Its helpfully... ,,, POSITIVE
It is very easy to use and i just got my latest version update in my phobe and it works amazing and really easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Its good , i dont have to remember my dates, it can be more accurate if it will ask for time of new cycle along with date. ,,, POSITIVE
Best ,,, POSITIVE
I am in love ❤️ with this app.. I have been using it for four years now! Never disappoints me. ,,, POSITIVE
Decent app ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent appto monitoring your menstrual cycle ,,, POSITIVE
I like it more on wp. It is suitable for me. I tried other app, and I returned to Maya. 🤩 ,,, POSITIVE
Experience is good with maya ,,, NEUTRAL
Easy and nice, gave 4 stars because daily assumptions are not accurate and includes too many adds ,,, POSITIVE
Can't even post my query ,,, NEGATIVE
Using this app for more than 2 yrs and this app has accurate calculation. ,,, POSITIVE
So easy to use and very nice tracking with some tips. The free version is already great and I just subscribed as thanks to the app devs. ❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app just for tracking my monthly cycle. Iv used it for years ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
This app isjust awsssmmmm n very esy ,,, POSITIVE
Simpel and best period tracker ever.. last pregnancy the ovulation was tracked by Maya. ,,, POSITIVE
I love it. Simple but complete, been using this for years, almost never had bugs or glitch. ,,, POSITIVE
Its a big help ,,, POSITIVE
I couldn't login this app Please let me know the answer ,,, NEGATIVE
I've been using this app for about five years and have been fairly happy with it. During my second pregnancy (2017) I had rated the app and suggested they add an area to track pregnancy. After my third pregnancy (2020) I got a notification saying the app added pregnancy stuff, but I haven't checked it out because it was after my pregnancy. I'm here now to suggest they add "clumsy" to their symptoms area of the period tracker. Clumsiness is largely a hormonal symptom for me. ,,, POSITIVE
Using it for the last 3 years and I'm very very less stressed because Maya predictes my monthly flow without any hassle. Thank you. ,,, POSITIVE
It's an amazing app! ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app. Very convenient. ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful, great app ,,, POSITIVE
It's the most accurate app so far for menstrual cycles. With lots of cool tools on it to monitor your body and moods. You can pay just $1-$2 for it to be ad free, which is awesome. I think it's either annual or for life. ,,, POSITIVE
Great app! ,,, POSITIVE
I've had the app for 3 years and it's perfect! It's feminine without being childish and has never gotten my cycle wrong. It helped me get pregnant and track my pregnancy and is now helping me avoid getting pregnant again. It is the most helpful and simple app I've ever used ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful ,,, POSITIVE
Bem fácil de usar, aparece algumas propagandas mas nada que irrite. Dá pra anotar tudo sobre o ciclo ,,, POSITIVE
I try to login on a new phone, but i forgot my password. I already send an email to request for password reset but never receive a reply. I have to change the rates from 5 to 1. I will change it again to 5 if my problem is solved. Tq ,,, NEGATIVE
Helps me well in keeping a track of my dates ,,, POSITIVE
Using it for a while, in general happy about it. the only problem if you have a time when your period is off, the app takes it like you miss to include the info and not a long delay ,,, POSITIVE
Used it for a month and half and it suddenly wouldn't let me log my flow anywhere when my period started, now it says I'm 5 days late meanwhile-- there's no flow chart in the notes anywhere -- looked for help on google - nothing. ,,, NEGATIVE
I've been using this app for years. Now I changed my phone and can't log in again since I forgot my password. When I go Forgot Password it doesn't do anything to help me, it says this account doesn't exist. How can I fix this problem to use this app again? I really like this app. ,,, POSITIVE
Parabéns aos desenvolvedores!! ,,, POSITIVE
Удобно!!! ,,, POSITIVE
Parfaitement ce qu'il vous faut! ,,, POSITIVE
Very good ,,, POSITIVE
Hi I really like the app and its features , but there is no feature to track pregnancy.. would like if that feature is included ,,, POSITIVE
I find Maya really useful to track my cicle and also like the notes and mood prediction features, it helps to pay more attention to our own body and to know it better. Can really recommend! ,,, POSITIVE
Eu amo esse app, mas sinto falta de uma análise com base das infos que eu coloco em relação a dor, humor etc etc. Mas entendo que pra um app gratis ele atende muito mais que o necessario ,,, POSITIVE
I'm able to track my periods faster an my fertilization and ovulation fast enough ,,, POSITIVE
Some times I miss pills so therefore I don't record that I've taken them in the app. It would be great if the app could take note that I've missed a pill. Or you can restart the count from 1 to 21 because it won't remind you take the pill if it's counting too early. ,,, NEUTRAL
Awesome apppp ,,, POSITIVE
🤩 ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful to track your MC. I usually forget my periods time...nd don't worry about it...bcoz....Maya hai na☺️ ,,, POSITIVE
Ok ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Useful for keeping a track on menses date. Can even add notes about our experience during and before menses. ,,, POSITIVE
Best cycle tracker I've had. It simply, pretty, and easy to use. ,,, POSITIVE
Thank you so much. ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing tracker ,,, POSITIVE
The best cycle app.been using this 5 yrs now❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
Superb ,,, POSITIVE
Really very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Excelente app la he usado por 5 años ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, NEUTRAL
I love this app💜 ,,, POSITIVE
I believe that for next updates they could add some option regarding the emend of the contraceptive card and thus making the app understand that that month there will be no menstruation days. ,,, POSITIVE
pretty accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
Helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful I just love this app so much #mayarocks❤❤❤ ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this app since almost 3 years and it's super easy to keep track of periods, emotions and symptoms... absolutely love it ,,, POSITIVE
Not good with words. The app is great with good insight into what your body is doing. ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app, very easy to use, and it helps you keep track of different details ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app. Always accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using it aprox. From 3 yr. ,,, POSITIVE
Great app!!! ,,, POSITIVE
i have it for 3 years already and i'm pleased about it ,,, POSITIVE
Maya is the one of the best app,i m glad to being with maya for my second pregnancy..thanks for doctors for their guidenance...maya is our freind ,,, POSITIVE
Rlly accurate...for me at least. (My periods are consistent though) ,,, POSITIVE
I downloaded the app but and do sign up and fill all of my details and click on the next button but it does not react anything and also does not send any referal code to me how can I use this app plz reply me ,,, NEGATIVE
It's a good period tracker app. Which give you the notification few days early so you can easily get reminded to carry the pads. As well it's have other options also. Just mention on maya calendar the start and end date. ,,, POSITIVE
no one is answering i keep sending emails that i need to reset my account with noooo help ,,, NEGATIVE
Super ,,, POSITIVE
I have used for years and I love it. Organized, simple and never missed a notification. Amazing! ,,, POSITIVE
Actually the app is good but I give it 3strs because it always give me wrong date ,,, NEUTRAL
Its very nice and helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Very perfect & accurate app ,,, POSITIVE
It's pretty good and really useful too ,,, POSITIVE
It is nice ,,, POSITIVE
Great! ,,, POSITIVE
the BEST! ,,, POSITIVE
I need to talk to a customer service because i have a big issue with the app ,,, POSITIVE
Pretty good! ,,, POSITIVE
I like the app and it's features as well ,,, POSITIVE
I get timely reminder for my periods... ,,, POSITIVE
Best app so far very good and accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
Great and cute app ,,, POSITIVE
Useful app ,,, POSITIVE
It really helped me a lot for tracking my periods and all the functions that this app provides is amazing! ,,, POSITIVE
I'd give it 5 stars if I had the ability to view the "today's tip" for all the past days that I've tracked, okay not all but at least the current month and the last week of the month prior when enter a new month. The tips are so insightful and I cant go back and view them once the days over. ,,, POSITIVE
absolutely love it.. :) thank you for its existence ,,, POSITIVE
Love it ♡ ,,, POSITIVE
I like this app but there is only one thing that I don't like, the notes. When I have to write a longer note it cannot be scrolled down easily and when you're trying to write it's not wide enough to see the full view of the message. Please fix the notes section and everything will be perfect. ,,, NEUTRAL
It's really confusing 😅 ,,, NEGATIVE
Amazing app for tracking cycles and planning pregnancy. Very useful. Love the interface as well ,,, POSITIVE
hepls me alot to track my periods. ,,, POSITIVE
I love it! Very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app. I have the year membership. It was only 4.99 that was an amazing price. I love that I am able to edit my days. And add/remove a day from my cycle. This is way better than other apps I have used. 10/10 would recommend. ,,, POSITIVE
Simple and nice! ,,, POSITIVE
Very very good ,,, POSITIVE
my phone is broken. im trying to log in using other device but it always says that the server is down. please fix this ,,, NEGATIVE
Amazing app ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app . This application is very helpful and accurate as well. ,,, POSITIVE
An incredibly helpful tool. I've been using this for the last five years. I would never switch to anything else. ,,, POSITIVE
Muito bom o aplicativo! Tem riqueza de detalhes e da pra controlar direitinho o ciclo e as mudanças de humor. ,,, POSITIVE
Never thought it would predict cycle so accurately.. loved it ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app never changing it 💕 ,,, POSITIVE
This app is mostly accurate and its very easy to track the cycle and prepare for when the period comes. Been using this app for years now and i really love it. ,,, POSITIVE
Unable to download ,,, POSITIVE
Very comfortable to use ,,, POSITIVE
Nice and easy ,,, POSITIVE
Minimal add and notifications make it easy to use this app. ,,, POSITIVE
Very clear, I like that I can get a data chart across years of tracking. ,,, POSITIVE
It messed up my date.. I used to trust this app so much but it has disappointed me very much much ,,, NEGATIVE
Fantastic interface. Very useful app. ,,, POSITIVE
I like how much information you can input and the cycle graph. I wish there were graphs on your mood and symptom changes though out your cycle. The cycle predictions have also not been accurate so far. I've tracked 6 cycles and it still tells me to expect my cycle a week late each month. Maybe it's from my second one logged having been abnormally long, but all the rest have been between 29-33 days so it's odd. The link to contact the developers has been disabled. ,,, NEUTRAL
Simple ,,, POSITIVE
Nice one. 3 year experience in this app. It helps me very much. ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome ,,, POSITIVE
Useful ,,, POSITIVE
Best app and accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful app for female ,,, POSITIVE
It's really helpful and easy to use..I am using this app from 4 years. Thanks ,,, POSITIVE
I love it ,,, POSITIVE
Very convineint to use and reliable ,,, POSITIVE
Cool ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app to keep track of ovulation ,,, POSITIVE
It was a great app... I have used it for around 3-4 years... but ever since I changed my phone I can't login... when I clicked on forgot password it says email is sent to my id... waited and tried for so long...now switching to another app ,,, POSITIVE
Quite helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Wonderful app.. ,,, POSITIVE
GREAT APP! Ive used this app since Dec '14. By far its the best. Honestly its the only one ive tried bc i fell in luv. This apps has never messed up ive used many types of phones. Ive recommended it. Rarely my cycle start 1 2or3d earlier/later. Would have been great if this apps was around during my highschool yrs 94-98 to save time from charted it in a notebook. It was accurated bc i came on every 18/19d for 3-4d fastfoward to 40 with tubaligation@33 it ranges from 21-25 for 3-5 mostly 5. ,,, POSITIVE
I am unable to login into my account. Please help!!! I even mailed at help Maya and there is no response! ,,, POSITIVE
It's good for tracking periods but there are some things that need to be improve... Like due to pcod I don't get periods sometimes so it shows no tracking so there should be an option for that. ,,, POSITIVE
It's amazing comfortable application.. Thanks Maya ,,, POSITIVE
Very Accurate. Have been using this app for years. Never fails ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Suddenly I was been log out of my Maya account and know I am not able to get back to my account .. I tried to connect to the development team but no response can I do something to it ???? ,,, NEGATIVE
I like the trackables, although there could be more "symptoms" to track. I like the "tips", they are very educational. I like the aesthetics of the app, it's very pretty. Generally speaking there are more "fun" period trackers out there ,,, NEUTRAL
I love the app but there is issue in verifying my email id . It not verifyed . App not sending verification massage ,,, POSITIVE
I am trying to login but it says wrong email i.d or password, but when I sign in , it says already registered.. Please help me out. ,,, NEUTRAL
I have forgotten my password and need to reset it, I have repeatedly clicked on the "forgot password" link but it has not sent an email, it has been almost 24 hours and I am yet to receive an email to reset my password. And yes I have checked my spam folder! I have also emailed the support but they haven't replied to me!! I am paying for premium service and I can't even do something as simple as change my password 😡 ,,, NEGATIVE
My favoirite app for personal track keeping. But I forgot my password and cannot reset it now. They say password has been sent to email but I receive nothing. Guess I'll have to uninstall it if it doesn't get back to normal. ,,, NEGATIVE
I've been using this app for a couple of years now. It has taught me so much. Especially about how my body works and reacts to the monthly changes us women go through. This makes me better prepared, in advance, to tackle everything headed my way. Be it PMS or the cycle itself. Its a great app. It takes time to collect data and understand your patterns. Be patient and it will help you in the long run. ,,, POSITIVE
This is one of a kind. Only problem is that I had a gap period of 55 days, the which the app doesn't record. It goes in the 'Not tracking' more. Hence, one star less. ,,, POSITIVE
This is literally the best period/ovulation tracker Ive ever experienced using! Its free and easy to use. I loveee the tips they give you everyday to help you understand the different hormones running through our body at certain times of the month and why you might be feeling a certain way that day. Very happy I found this app! ,,, POSITIVE
Hi, i changed my phone but now i don't remember my password and am not able to login into my account. I tried the "forgot password" option many times but i never get an email. Please help. ,,, NEUTRAL
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Best app for teens like me...❤️❤️ ~Aadya, Age-13 ,,, POSITIVE
Works great, very accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
The best ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
Im in love with it... I'm facing challenges 😭plz help me I lost this app coz I've reset my phone, now I've downloaded it again when I try to use my old email to get the password it doesn't send me an email...and I was using it as my diary also...I want to use my old app I don't want to start again..please help me 😪 ,,, POSITIVE
Best for tracking nd remembering in period first day starts. Need more updates like tracking weight,skincare, diet plans ,,, POSITIVE
Fo ,,, POSITIVE
It's the perfect, prettiest and the most easily accessible. And the bonus, it predicts moods accurately so you know how to handle yourself all day. My period tracking app choice forever. Go Maya!! ,,, POSITIVE
I am using it from 5-6 years. It's perfect! ,,, POSITIVE
Great app 👌 ,,, POSITIVE
User friendly and amazing app to track the female monthly cycle and moods ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this since a very long time. Very simple, cute and gives you accurate information. ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
Change to here after frustrated with another apps. Looking good so far. And the premium is not crazy expensive ,,, POSITIVE
UPD: I'm editting old review. The issue was solved, thanks a lot! Tho to reach out support team was kind of difficult.. I waited 4 days, and in the end got a bit angry. BUT app is nice. I recommend it. ,,, POSITIVE
This app have time fixed for mc.but sometimes I get longer period. ,,, NEUTRAL
Kinda over the political ads. ,,, NEGATIVE
A great app to keep track for yourself, after a few months of adding your data it shows quite accurately your next cycle. You can save your moods or how you feeling during the time as well. Great app, completely reccomend it ,,, POSITIVE
It is a lovely app, but the descriptions of feelings are very mainstream ,,, NEUTRAL
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Tried a few apps and this was the best. Easy to change dates. Has many tracking options and lots of tips with its own forum and news pages for even more info. Also has a clean design. ,,, POSITIVE
Very good periods tracking app.. I do recommend you to install ,,, POSITIVE
Show ,,, POSITIVE
Great app!! ,,, POSITIVE
This is an amazing app. ,,, POSITIVE
Comfortable user interface and great people in support department ,,, POSITIVE
Maya helps alot in keeping a record of cycles... ,,, POSITIVE
Simple ,,, POSITIVE
Very good! I like it! ,,, POSITIVE
Forever best guide towards not getting pregnant yet. Really accessible even offline. Easy to navigate and not confusing. Love this app ❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
The sole purpose it serves for me is to track my period, but it does it very well and I can plan my days ahead knowing around what days I'll have my periods. ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, NEUTRAL
Very useful. ,,, POSITIVE
No bad ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing!!!!!! ,,, POSITIVE
Handy and helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Good app for tracking my period. I like the features of logging my emotions and symptoms, and reading the tip of the day. The layout is great. Thank you! 👍👍 ,,, POSITIVE
Just amazing ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app because of its sheer accuracy.. Other than tracking my periods it also reminds me of my mood swings, cravings etcetera. I can keep a better watch on myself with this app. ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app. ,,, POSITIVE
Simple and suficient function with many ads. ,,, POSITIVE
Mi piace come app per monitorare il ciclo perché ti fornisce la previsione di sintomi e umore per i vari giorni, grafica semplice ma carina e non troppo piena di fronzoli. Se volete usate mio codice di riferimento per iscrivervi a Maya e guadagnare 50 crediti. Il mio codice di riferimento è: spqngw ,,, POSITIVE
I have always used this app. ,,, POSITIVE
👍 ,,, NEUTRAL
Has been very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
very informative and easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
like it very MUCH and they add new features but still ARABIC not from the languages. ,,, POSITIVE
Greatest experience always on point on my moods and cycle dates😊 ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using Maya for a few years now. It's one of the easiest and the most useful apps that I've come across. ,,, POSITIVE
It has almost accurate predictions. The best you can get! I'll recommend it ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
It is a great app. I can't remember my period dates because of so much workload. This app helps me to remind that. Thank you for providing this app. It is of great help to people like me. Also it prevents me from eating too many sweets by reminding that you should control your hunger despite of mood swings. ,,, POSITIVE
perfect and cute ,,, POSITIVE
pretty accurate calendar ,,, POSITIVE
Have been using it for the last four years and has never messed me up. We dont want to have another baby and Maya is perfect for us especially because o do not have to use the injections and pills to prevent pregnancy. My husband appreciates the app and knows my safe days better than I do. Thank you Maya for being there for me all through ,,, POSITIVE
I found this app perfect! It's great for someone who just wants to be able to simply and accurately track their period cycle and predict when your period will be coming ,,, POSITIVE
I randomly downloaded this app and till date i haven't deleted it. Its been years now. Best app for period tracking. The day it says im going to have my periods, boom!! It happens on the very same day. Its easy to be prepared for periods. From past few days its not working properly i don't know why, but i wish k jldi se problem thik hojae and it start working the same. 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻 ,,, POSITIVE
So far so good. 1 week in and getting some handy advice. Good to have the scientific knowledge of the way hormones work and what kind of moods to expect. User friendly and none invasive. ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app.. have used this app since long time..I use it to take track my monthly cycle..good features.. ,,, POSITIVE
Love it ,,, POSITIVE
Favorite period app!!! ,,, POSITIVE
I changed my phone, but my back up data was not restored..and I lost track of my cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
Very Accurate period cycle prediction.i just love it.. We don't need to keep in memory wen s our next cycle ... ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app! Easy to use and track! ,,, POSITIVE
Requires location permission ,,, NEUTRAL
Very good app I have my period date record of 3 years because of this and all help me with nice tips of period pain and many more love this app ,,, POSITIVE
I was a huge advocate of this app, ever since their beta 8yrs ago. I used it regularly & was glad to pay for a subscription. Even referred people! However, with company growth, rates & I was not grandfathered into a "premium" account. Then the addition of a confusing & unhelpful forum really changed the user interface in the app. Then, there were ads for every new screen. Between sharing personal data & supporting political campaign ads, it's impossible to continue supporting this app. I tried. ,,, NEGATIVE
It made my period tracking very easy, one of the best app. They 90% make correct prediction of my next cycle. A go to app. ,,, POSITIVE
Been using it for 4 years or so. Really love it, helpful for me to track on my period and ovulation phases. Great job!! ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this for 3 years now. It's so easy and simple to use 🙂 ,,, POSITIVE
Has a lot of ads recently, otherwise helps predict very accurately, most of the times. ,,, POSITIVE
Exceptional! ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this for years now. Very helpful 👍👍👍 ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome ,,, POSITIVE
The best cycle app I have come across. I love how cute it is and there are so many options to accurately describe your cycle and how you are feeling. I signed up for the 1 year subscription for $4.99 I don't like to spend money on apps but it is well worth it! The only downside is if my cycle ran longer than expected by a day it won't let me change the end date. ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app! I've been using this app to track my period and my mood swings in med school and it has been very helpful in understanding why i feel lazy or why am i cranky, for example, in some days. This is the best app, personally, for tracking periods, emotions, and symptoms. :) ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this app since 2012. Really easy to use and keep track of periods. Love that I can see trends over time, and there's a lot of features without upgrading to premium. Looks cute too, and soft on the eyes. I've also lost phone data several times, but being able to back it up for free has been immensely useful. Dark mode would be cool to add though ,,, POSITIVE
Very safe ,,, POSITIVE
Good information about the day to day challenges of being a lady, they even have a missed cycle feature! Cute graphics too! ,,, POSITIVE
I'm really bothered that location tracking is mandatory in order to use this app. I find it irrelevant to my period tracking lol. ,,, NEGATIVE
I have been using this app since 3 years to track my periods. It is really helpful for me. Would encourage girls/womens to use it. ,,, POSITIVE
Very Nice app!!!Helps with my period. ,,, POSITIVE
Helping ,,, POSITIVE
Design could be improved. ,,, POSITIVE
Been using and enjoying this app for the longest time. Easy to navigate and comes with handy tips as well. ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use. Love the grid feature to track the history of your cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
Not great. I got this app when it was my first period and i put that my average was 4 days because I had no idea. Ended up lasting a whole 7 days without being able to log in anything other than the first 4 days. I couldn't work out how to change the average or anything. I like the little paragraph tips it gives every day, but please change the average problem! ,,, NEUTRAL
Good for period amazing app ,,, POSITIVE
The best app to control my period ,,, POSITIVE
Really best app 👌... Very accurate predictions... Love this app so much... Even after delivery it shows very accurate predictions about period really really impressive app. ,,, POSITIVE
Was using this app for a long time used to give accurate predections everytime.Had all my cycles recored in it and one fine day im unable to login into it. Even sign up option won't work. This is very disapointing. ,,, NEGATIVE
I looooove this app! ,,, POSITIVE
I have this app since a long time. Really like it. ,,, POSITIVE
I like the app ,,, POSITIVE
One of the best period apps I ever used ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Good to know a lot of thing about my period etc so I can maintain my regular sex activities, glad to know my fertility, ovulasi etc ,,, POSITIVE
Great stuff ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Gud so far ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using it for years and it has always been pretty accurate! ,,, POSITIVE
It's a good app ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app for more than 5 years... I don't know exactly but I love it!!! Is the best!!!! 😃😃😃😃 ,,, POSITIVE
Very good ,,, POSITIVE
Okay ,,, POSITIVE
Love Maya ❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
I really like this app! I like the setup of Flo better, but this fits my aesthetic better. I think if the team simplified the setup, i'd be much happier with this app. Love it though I do recommend to any girls who wish to track their periods or pregnancies. ❤👌🏻 ,,, POSITIVE
How do I reset pill reminder ,,, POSITIVE
I just love this app ,,, POSITIVE
Always knows my period start ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app! 100% only bad thing is too much ads and we broke college student out here :): ,,, POSITIVE
Good to keep track of ur menstrual dates n mood swings. ,,, NEUTRAL
This app is extremely helpful, especially since I don't keep track of my period. I really like that it's simple to use and all the extra buttons you can use to rate how you're doing. ,,, POSITIVE
Love it. ,,, POSITIVE
Its unbelievably Accurate.Helps a lot. ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this app for 8 years now. Every time I change my phone, this is one of the things that I first download. I use this to track my period. Although the predictions aren't 100% accurate, it's enough for estimations. Thanks to this, I am always prepared whenever I'll have my period. The app is user friendly too plus I like the additional features very much. It also notes when you're not tracking anymore. ,,, POSITIVE
Use this app constantly to talk with my partner about unsafe days and avoid pregnancy for over a year. Every couple needs this. ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for years and I dont need any other app for my cycle needs 💗 ,,, POSITIVE
Useful simple good way to know everything about your period ,,, POSITIVE
Very Nice, cute interface. Just wish it had the phases of the moon. ,,, POSITIVE
Very good ,,, POSITIVE
Average ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful for women in tracking year long cycles. Even when u got out for a medical checkup you can just show the tracking. ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app, however, for the lasts days I've been trying to look for the blog and it's not there, I can't find it, someone help me, please ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this ap for three years now and couldn't be happier with it! Great user interface, cute graphics, handy reminders! Thanks! ,,, POSITIVE
Great tracker with amazing aesthetics ,,, POSITIVE
Great and useful app ,,, POSITIVE
Muy fácil de usar y bastante certera en sus predicciones. ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Very Useful, highly recommend ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful app, easy to use and with interesting tips ,,, POSITIVE
It ONLY has the ability to average all data. So it isn't smart, and doesn't adjust to changes over time, which naturally happen with age. I deleted years of data in order to get prediction that is accurate. I have diligently recorded the stop & start for years. The problem is the app's inability to adjust to trends. The longer I use the app, the more inaccurate it becomes. ,,, NEGATIVE
It would be great if you give reminders for the notes I've put since I don't check it daily. thanks. Edited: been using Maya for over 2 years now and its perfect ♥️ ,,, POSITIVE
Love it, have been using it for years! ,,, POSITIVE
Great app, using it for 3 years now. ,,, POSITIVE
Very nice app ...i can keep my period dates up-to-date 😊 definitely great ,,, POSITIVE
Good, useful in keeping track of my cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
Really accurate and helps me decide what I'm feeling. Helps a lot with the motivation quotes😊 ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing tips and accurate follow up ,,, POSITIVE
I used to like the app but something wrong happened when i tried to open it there's a message says unfortunately maya has stopped don't know what to do i can't access to any anything. ,,, NEGATIVE
Love! ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Não estou conseguindo instalar, da erro. ,,, NEUTRAL
Have been using it for years. Works great ,,, POSITIVE
. This app is pretty good but its show that period is coming today ..but its was wrong. So i dont recomend this app because my experience on this app is not good. So yeah ,,,, i dnt reccomend it. ☺ ,,, NEGATIVE
This App has been working fine for me so far to just keep track of my cycle. However it's now crashed with a mindvalley Ad! And I've lost all my data........not impressed by the aggressive ads and now the app crashing as a result ,,, NEUTRAL
This app is very helpful in tracking periods and keeping their records. Best app to periods tracking ...👍 ,,, POSITIVE
More than 3 years using this app 💗 Is perfect! ,,, POSITIVE
Best period tracker app I have ever had! Love it! ,,, POSITIVE
This is magical. So awesome & really helpful. Thanx Maya ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
The app is not working. I am unable to log in. Please fix the problem ,,, NEGATIVE
Very useful and easy to use. Most accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
This App help me a lot Keep the goodwork 😊😊 ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ever ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent apps ,,, POSITIVE
Ive had many apps but this one seems to be the best. Easy to understand and you can choose which options to track. Also provides a place for notes and a graph for weight, temperatur, and intercorse. ,,, POSITIVE
Good apk ,,, POSITIVE
The average gets stuck at 36 days Edit: I've only had 28 day cycle for more than 4 months of using the app. The average still showed 36. I relied on this app to give me a notification on probable date. You let me down. Fix it. Please. It was a wonderful app otherwise and I'll take the one star down. Edit 2: I said, I did. ,,, NEGATIVE
Good for period tracking - not fertility. You can't change projected or actual ovulation dates, it gives you the fertile dates and suspected ovulation date and doesn't consider that it can change. I prefer the easy@home app for my OPK strips and ovulation tracking. I'm trying to get pregnant. I do know my exact ovulation because I test with strips.. you do and can know the day per testing. ,,, NEUTRAL
i never remember my period date... it really helps me tracking my record ,,, POSITIVE
loved it... ,,, POSITIVE
Reliable. Easy to use. Been using it for more than 5 years ,,, POSITIVE
I've used this app for years before they changed the name to maya. I have been tracking my period and journaling in it. It's very helpful and when I'm experiencing something it's usually spot on with predictions from previous symptoms or moods. ,,, POSITIVE
Good app. It helps me alot to avoid pregnency . Must use it. ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app, the best I've ever tried. It's so accurate. 💕 ,,, POSITIVE
Maya's daily tips are helpful and simple to understand. ,,, POSITIVE
I'm a person who always forgets period dates but this app made so much easy to track my periods :) ,,, POSITIVE
I love it! I use it to track my period, my moods and to know when I need extra protection ,,, POSITIVE
O app é muito bom. Esteticamente bonito e traz informações sobre mudanças corporais e emocionais ao longo do ciclo. Dentre os apps de período que eu já usei, esse é o melhor ,,, POSITIVE
All good but please add support for the contraceptive patch... Also font for "today's tip" is too big. ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
Helpful and attractive ,,, POSITIVE
Have been using it for 4 years, still accurate ,,, POSITIVE
More accurate than I am in knowing when and what to expect, been using it since 2017 ,,, POSITIVE
Best app to understand ovulation day ...if you are planning for pregnancy then go for it.. ,,, POSITIVE
Love it! Simple UI, easy to use and have never froze or forced closed! ,,, POSITIVE
It's very useful. ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Good help with everything ,,, POSITIVE
The best app to monitor the monthly cycle. Amazing!!!! ,,, POSITIVE
They got everything you need here and more. You know exactly what is going on too. Far better than the other apps. ,,, POSITIVE
Good App, even in the free version. Fulfills it's intent. I consider Advertising within the average. ,,, POSITIVE
The app is cool and precise ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app. Its good for ladies . ,,, POSITIVE
I really liked the app. As it has medicine as well as mestrual cycle predictor. I found it amazing and really upto the mark ,,, POSITIVE
It's easy and clear. Very useful to keep track of your period. ,,, POSITIVE
I like it ,,, POSITIVE
This App is so off when it comes to your fertile days ,,, NEGATIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ,,, POSITIVE
User friendly app ,,, POSITIVE
I had to reset my phone for some reason was working all good before that. Now after re-installing it, I'm not able to sign in. ,,, NEGATIVE
Thank you for being a friend ,,, POSITIVE
Its good ,,, POSITIVE
Easy trace ,,, POSITIVE
Its great for women..... ,,, POSITIVE
So sweet ,,, POSITIVE
Too many noisy adverts. The app itself is goo d. I would recommend it. ,,, NEGATIVE
Perfect app as expected ,,, POSITIVE
very accurate in tracking ,,, POSITIVE
accurate. i have been using this app for more thn three years. amazing experience. ,,, POSITIVE
Best option, very cute and suit me well ,,, POSITIVE
Great! ,,, POSITIVE
Its the amazing ,,, POSITIVE
Great app. ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate predictions... easy to use....superb app...👍♥️ ,,, POSITIVE
very good app woks fine. ,,, POSITIVE
Great app , been using it for more than a year. Helps me remember and track my cycle date. ,,, POSITIVE
A beautiful app that makes tracking and understanding your cycle easy. ,,, POSITIVE
The Best tracking method👌 ,,, POSITIVE
Indispensable! 2020-6-15: Any chance you could add an option for a specific person to get the PMS warning via text message? Or is that a premium feature? 2018-6-1: Hey! Perhaps you could add a checkbox for me to say I am peri-menopausal so the menstruation stops tracking, and I can still track other symptoms and such...? Or do you have a menopause app? Perhaps you could add a "symptom" icon for ovulation pain?) ,,, POSITIVE
GOOD ,,, POSITIVE
Really helpful in tracking cycles! ,,, POSITIVE
It helps soo much ,,, POSITIVE
Such a easy app to track periods, pregnancy, the avoid pregnancy option is pretty much Good. Awesome app ,,, POSITIVE
La uso desde hace como 7 años y es muy estable y eficiente ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Very help full to track my menstruation and it's very easy to use. ,,, POSITIVE
A brilliant, clever app for period predictions and notes around fertility. Would recommend. ,,, POSITIVE
Using this app since 2016. The best!!! Love it. The daily mood &symptoms predictions are almost always accurate. Thanks team maya! ♡♡♡ ,,, POSITIVE
Uso desde 2014 e de lá pra cá só melhorou! ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app :) ,,, POSITIVE
Very easy to use. Optional daily notes are amazing. I love the social features and notes and questions other people can talk about so you don't feel so alone in this! Great for first time users. Would recommend! ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome App!!!!!! ,,, POSITIVE
O aplicativo estava calculando o ciclo bem, mas no meu último registro de ciclo ele apagou as referências (seguro, inseguro, fértil) que estavam entre meu último ciclo e o atual que registrei. Consta apenas não acompanhar (em cinza). Não sei se é porque meu ciclo esse mês foi de 21 dias, mas já examinei todo o app e não achei solução. ,,, NEGATIVE
It wouldnt even let me sign up. What a waste of time. ,,, NEGATIVE
Been useful to tack my periods. ,,, NEUTRAL
Overall I really like the app, predictions are pretty accurate, ads are annoying but not too bad. It crashes though, randomly, not always. I would recommend it :) ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for last 3 years all my data is saved and is helpful when you see a doctor or if you miss your period or your dates are coming closer ,,, POSITIVE
Must have ,,, POSITIVE
Using it since 4 yrs but not getting any positive results ,,, NEGATIVE
It is very helpful app .. i love this app ,,, POSITIVE
Es excelente para recordarte tu periodo ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this for years and didn't get pregnant until we planned to have one just last year.. this worked for me. 5 stars! ,,, POSITIVE
It's good for women n it helps us to be careful ,,, POSITIVE
good prediction of the coming cycle also the mood and symptoms prediction is accurate thumbs up!!! ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using since last 3 years. Very helpful tips and accurate information. ,,, POSITIVE
I will give it a 4star because i am just starting i will come back to complete the star if i find it super helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to keep track record of periods... ,,, POSITIVE
Wish it predicted more ,,, NEUTRAL
I love this aap. ❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
Referral coad please ,,, NEGATIVE
Over the years this app has helped me lot. It's simple interface makes it possible to focus on the essential without any distractions. I'm hugely thankful for the creators for creating this beautiful app. ,,, POSITIVE
Love It!! I've been using this app for years and I love it. It is also very accurate!! ,,, POSITIVE
Genial, todo bajo control gracias a esta App ,,, POSITIVE
This app provides daily tips, which I greatly appreciate. The app is user-friendly and I recommend it. ,,, POSITIVE
Love this App! ,,, POSITIVE
I used to like this app, untill I found This app sells aur information with THIRD PARTY APPs. ,,, NEGATIVE
Using it for years and loving it! ,,, POSITIVE
Depois te uns dias que foi configurado o lembrete do remédio ele para de notificar ,,, NEGATIVE
I have been using Maya for the last 3 years and it has made period tracking so easy! It is accurate for most of the time. Kudos! ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate! ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Too good app ,,, POSITIVE
Thanks,you made my life much easier. ,,, POSITIVE
It's helpful to keep track of fertile days or safe days. The tips help me know how I feel and what's going on in my body. I like being able to track how I feel in every phase of my period as well. ,,, POSITIVE
Edit: app still great, but video adds are overwhelming. --- The app is amazing. It has everything I need. I love the colour distinguish of the phases. Predictions are very precise. I use it to track my cycles and I adore the widgets ,,, POSITIVE
This app doesn't go wrong. I am happy on using the app as i usually forget the dates of my cycle It reminds me and also checks on my health and my moods. ,,, POSITIVE
Great app not irritating like others. Shame it's now got adverts ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
Very easy to use. ,,, POSITIVE
The best! ,,, POSITIVE
Not easy to use,I couldn't set up end day.Thats why uninstalled it.Hope it will perform better,then I'll install it again ,,, NEGATIVE
it doesnt let me sign up ,,, NEGATIVE
The level of accuracy blows my mind everytime 💫 ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app.. provides nearby accurate data..i am using it from last 2 years. Easy to use. Loved it❤️. ,,, POSITIVE
Satisfactory ,,, POSITIVE
Bloody good time! Yeah it rocks. ,,, POSITIVE
I'm not the type to write reviews but I love this app! I have had many period apps and this is by far the best. It predicts your moods and explains hormonal processes which allows you to understand what happens in your body. Highly recommend!! ,,, POSITIVE
❤️❤️❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
Pretty accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Very simple and useful. ,,, POSITIVE
Love it. Everything I need in one place. And love the today's tips and symptom predictor. ,,, POSITIVE
Its really nice app! ,,, POSITIVE
Best app everrrrrr Most genuine 💓❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
It's an amazing app . It predicts my cycle accurately and helps me to take all decisions easily related to my cycles and it's not a mess , simple and easy to use. Great help . ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app with other cool features. I loved using it! I definitely would recommend it ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent info, easy to use. Amazing period tracker, I love how there is tips every day for how your hormones are and not just on period dates. Also there are perdicted symptoms and moods that have been scary accurate for me. Also gives you the option to track those symptoms as well. My monthly emotions make a whole more sense with this app. I about forgot to mention it also tracks ovulation times as well with the option to record your basil temperature. Every girl needs this app. ,,, POSITIVE
Mostly accurate (just don't forget to update your cycle) and very helpful. ,,, POSITIVE
Really good app ,,, POSITIVE
Good usability ,,, POSITIVE
Super easy and friendly ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
The best app for period tracking. Accurate assumptions and best solutions. I would definitely recommend everyone to download this app. ,,, POSITIVE
This app is very helpful ❤️👍 every women must have this. ,,, POSITIVE
It's really nice....easy to track anything and everything about menstrual cycle ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for years and never had a problem up until 2 days ago. I'm unable to set my start day. I've been trying trying for 2 days and still nothing. I have uninstalled the app 3 times and still nothing. ,,, NEGATIVE
I am using this app since 4 years and it gives the accurate predictions. I don't need to remen6the dates at all. ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
It is the best app for period tracking, if your periods are regular. ,,, POSITIVE
Quite helpful. ,,, POSITIVE
Thanks for keeping track of my monthly period. User friendly and more than 7yrs i am using this app. Thank you so much. ,,, POSITIVE
I've used it for maybe 8 years now and I love it!! ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate on tracking circle, am loving this app. ,,, POSITIVE
The best app ,,, POSITIVE
Been tracking my periods by using this app for almost 5 years now... That just says alot about the app ,,, POSITIVE
Don't rely on this aap. I was using this aap for last 3 years. But i did not get any positive result bcoz my fertile days shown by them are wrong. I came to know my exact fertile days when i consult to doctor on december 2019. According to dr. My fertile days are 1 week early as compared to maya app. In february i conceived by dr. Consultation and now i m 3 months pregnant. I wasted my precious time of 3 years bcoz i believe in this app. But i suggest everyone do not waste ur time on this app. ,,, NEGATIVE
Good app for tracking ur cycles ,,, POSITIVE
Good one ,,, POSITIVE
I love it ,,, POSITIVE
It was excellent until adds started appearing when I start the app. ,,, NEUTRAL
Love It 😘😘😙😙😚❤❤ ,,, POSITIVE
As soon as you start filling in moods /symptoms, the prediction become really accurate. The daily tip is also what it makes it a unique experience. It gives me info and helps me understand more deeply how the period works and how my body and my mood are influenced by it. Recommended! ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app from last 4years...And the results are awesome...best app for girls to track their periods ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app for understanding your body and it's pattern in very statistical way. ,,, POSITIVE
Very nice UI. Great app. ,,, POSITIVE
I live for the setup and support the idea of no ads, makes it look sleek and clean. Giving my super support! 😍 ,,, POSITIVE
Helps me not worry about being late because I can check when I'm supposed to start instead of relying on memory. ,,, POSITIVE
Useful app. Using it from last 3 years. Relly help ,,, POSITIVE
Been using Maya for 5+ years. It's pretty accurate but I also depends on the consistency of the user. ,,, POSITIVE
Lo mejor de lo mejor. Una app sencilla, con código de colores, opciones para añadir descripciones, completamente gratis y sin anuncios que molesten. Merece cinco estrellas, que digo cinco estrellas ... cinco estrellotas 😁 ,,, POSITIVE
Very very useful app ,,, POSITIVE
I like this app but I would like it a lot better if the app was inclusive of the diversity of people with periods. As a gay woman I didn't resonate with a lot of the messaging--felt coded for straight people. I can't imagine how a gender non conforming person would feel using this app. Probably alienated. 3 stars: it works for what I need it for, but its very clear that the branding is for straight/cis women. ,,, NEUTRAL
Usrr friendly and informative ,,, POSITIVE
I stopped getting periods after using this app ,,, NEGATIVE
Can't install the app. ,,, POSITIVE
Extremely accurate and so handy to plan around the days . Extremely pleased 😊 ,,, POSITIVE
Its an excellent app ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful app. ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app since 2012 and simply love it. It's very easy to use and I was actually able to successfully plan my pregnancy, so really happy ,,, POSITIVE
This is one of the best period tracker using android phone. Easy to understand the physical features the light weight graphics is not too much and perfect for minimalist. Also its informative when it comes to health and other information about menstrual cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
It doesn't change/predict the length of period as per the varying cycle. The length is fixed to the length I entered as 29 since then there has been lot of variations ranging from 20-35 days. Using the app for last 2 yrs. Pl look into it, I feel there is some technical glitch. ,,, NEGATIVE
It is the most perfect app. I love everything from it's cute tips to it accurately predicting my cycles as it learns from it's constant fluctuation too. It helps me keep track of everything through my periods and helps me have a better experience each time. I love everything about this App. 10/10 would recommend ,,, POSITIVE
Ótimo! ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for the last 3-4 years and I find it overtly simple and straightforward. Love the soft colours and accurate dates provided. This is my go to calendar for all intents and purposes ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect ,,, POSITIVE
So easy for monthly use, and even if I changed phones many time I can always recover it,I have data stored for 3 years ,,, POSITIVE
I,ve been using this app for more than 3 years now more than amazing never fails and easy to use😍🥰 ,,, POSITIVE
Exceptional app.. love it.. ,,, POSITIVE
Well,5 stars because now I have a wonderful 6 months old baby , 1 star because this app showed few "safe" days .....and it was wrong ,,, NEGATIVE
Super convenient and great free advice ,,, POSITIVE
Very usefull app. Specially for all married person. ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this application for atleast 3.5 years and it has made my life so much easier, keeping track of my cycles and analysing them ,,, POSITIVE
It keeps saying not internet connection and on wifi ,,, NEGATIVE
Love this app. After using it for some time now, marking the symptoms, it starts to give very accurate predictions which is helpful to follow your body changes during the month. ,,, POSITIVE
Premium member for 4 years. I keep coming back to it. Please add bowel movement as a symptom so I don't have to keep putting 💩 emojis in the notes! 😂 I use it as a 1-sentence diary in the notes section and love all the list views for each category. Very easy to scroll through all the entries. Graphs could be prettier like Femometer app, but I still love this one. Thanks Maya! ,,, POSITIVE
🤗 ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Doesn't work ,,, NEGATIVE
I am not the person who writes reviews but this app is really great. Helped me a lot in understanding my cycles better. ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app since 2016 and I absolutely love it! I've tried other tracking apps but this is my favourite because the interface is clean and intuitive. I also enjoy reading the daily tips 😊 ,,, POSITIVE
👍 ,,, POSITIVE
No complaints, been using this app for four years, love the daily tips and predictions. ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful..and accurate ,,, POSITIVE
This is a brilliant app. User-friendly, informative and personalised. ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ,,, POSITIVE
I love it but can you add the patch as a contraceptive method? ,,, POSITIVE
I like this app, you are able to record everything here, but what i like the most is that you can access your information anywhere (different phones) ,,, POSITIVE
Best ,,, POSITIVE
The best! Been using this for 3yrs now ,,, POSITIVE
Its nice to see menstrual records ,,, POSITIVE
I been using this app since 4 yrs now didn't find any issues. It tracks and predicts my cycle accurately.. ,,, POSITIVE
It's very precise. ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate prediction ,,, POSITIVE
Love it! Simple to use, lots of little tidbits of information to read each day. Used this to log my menstrual cycle just for fun, then used it while I was pregnant/getting pregnant. Great little app! ,,, POSITIVE
Very nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Very good! ,,, POSITIVE
Love it ,,, POSITIVE
This is helpful app! ,,, POSITIVE
Very nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ever ! ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate!! My sister told me about this app and it's like clockwork!! ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
I love maya ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome app! Definitely can recommend it ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use and concise. ,,, POSITIVE
I never usually write reviews for apps but I think I need to thank the creators for this. I have used this app for about 4 years now and it has been extremely useful. I have never been caught off guard by my menstrual cycle. When I'm having bad days, I usually check how my mood is predicted to be and I realise, thanks to the app, that it's all just my hormones. I think once you have started using this app you will realise it's a must-have. Thank you for helping me get attuned to my cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
It's was nice experience..💯 ,,, POSITIVE
It helped me track my period accurately and I love it! 😍 ,,, POSITIVE
A complete and very useful tracker for your period! ,,, POSITIVE
Great! ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
Great use for womens, great app. ,,, POSITIVE
It would be great if there is something like a separate option for girls having pcod beacuse they have separate moods and cycle and all together separate advices are required so if the system is made according to that it would be great. All and all you doing great job. Thank you ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app! ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Siempre es precisa en mi periodo. Considerando mi regularidad. ,,, POSITIVE
Awsome app to keep perfect record ,,, POSITIVE
Ok app ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful and easy to use. ,,, POSITIVE
Its so cute and fun to use! ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
The best app, very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
It's really an exceptional app. This was recommended by my friend bt trully it's proved to be an useful app. I strongly recommended dis app. ,,, POSITIVE
Ok ,,, POSITIVE
Had it for years. Best app to use for tracking your menstrual cycle. It's so accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
Very usefull app ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
Extremely accurate! ,,, POSITIVE
Its is a very good app !I have read all other comments but I didn't have such bad experiences. For me its update accurate for mine periods !I have blessed to have this app. Thankyou maya! A best app for those who have accurate personal details. And I very happy recommend for my teenage friends and also those who starting their periods. I'm using this since 3 years I didn't have any bad experiences. Thus a perfect app for all women and girls. ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome app ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Helpful app for me and wanted to suggest if information related to pregnancy could have added ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, NEUTRAL
Excellent app. Helped me a lot to.track my cycles. ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this app for years! Some of the mood predictions are very accurate ,,, POSITIVE
It keeps track on my cycle. Good job. ,,, POSITIVE
The app is amazing, almost 90% period accuracy and has tip that opens knowledge that every womanhood shd know. Big thumbs up! 👍 ,,, POSITIVE
This app has great potential but has to allow us to put our cycle (how many day in a month). Or learn it because every month it is wrong. ,,, NEUTRAL
Very good app... ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app since 2015 and I love it. It has everything I need and the simplicity makes it even better. Definitely recommend! ,,, POSITIVE
Very informative, easy to access and being able to track certain things! So far so good! ,,, POSITIVE
Nice expressing your own opinions, thoughts,feelings ,,, POSITIVE
Its good ,,, POSITIVE
Useful app ,,, POSITIVE
i personally didn't like it, it wouldn't let me select my type of contraception, well it didn't even have the option for an implant , and it didn't carry on my flow I had to make it into two separate flows which isn't what I'm on its one long flow but it wouldn't allow me to put that 😕 ,,, NEGATIVE
Been using this app for the past 3 years to track my period cycle. Absolutely love it, it is quite accurate ,,, POSITIVE
User-friendly design and helpful advice ,,, POSITIVE
Have been using this app for some years now. Love that it still has the details saved. ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using Maya for a few years. It helped me plan my last pregnancy and keeps me aware of how my moon cycle effects my moods. I recomend it to all my friends and use it everyday to track so much. ,,, POSITIVE
lovely ,,, POSITIVE
It's really necessary to have this app for females. I'm using this app since last two years and it reminds me the dates of my periods/ menstruation cycle. This app have many more features. This app is really adequate. Please install this app. 👍🏻 ,,, POSITIVE
Easy, insightful, accurate and wonderful user experience. ,,, POSITIVE
Great, ,,, POSITIVE
When i sign in or login it does not sign me in or log me in ,,, NEGATIVE
Best app to find fertile days and helpful to conceive. ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful to know next periods date ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful app ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome ,,, POSITIVE
This is really nice and I just got my period so I need something like this Lots of questions about it Very aestheticly pleasing Very calm. ♥️ ,,, POSITIVE
This is the best tracker I've had till date and it tends to be spot on. It's also very easy an interface to use. ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate app.i love it ,,, POSITIVE
I've had Maya foyr over three years now and from tracking my period to the advice I get daily it's just been spectacular. Thank you Maya ❤ ,,, POSITIVE
Great app simple to use and great insights that help get to know your cycle a bit better than other apps iv tried. ,,, POSITIVE
Best app for tracking periods. ,,, POSITIVE
Nice application........ ,,, POSITIVE
Helpfull ,,, POSITIVE
Just love it! I've tried different ones but this is definitely my favourite ,,, POSITIVE
Love it ,,, POSITIVE
I've used this app since I was a teen. So far it's been on point, on predicting my fertile days. ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app I have between using it for fertility awareness for 2 years and it is SO helpful to keep me on top of my cycle and knowing when is safe to have sex and when is not. I also love being able to look back at the graph of my cycles over the years and see how they fluctuate and the range of days (my longest/shortest cycles) over time. So grateful to have this tool to keep track of my moontime. Thanks Maya! ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Maya is great at predicting flows. ,,, POSITIVE
good ,,, POSITIVE
It's really useful for me ,,, POSITIVE
Helping ,,, POSITIVE
I love it ,,, POSITIVE
It predicts so well.. When you use this for about 2-3 months.. You yourself will be happy of it's prediction.. I would suggest this app to all the women ,,, POSITIVE
Good tracker ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
A really great app ,,, POSITIVE
Goodjob ,,, POSITIVE
Wrong prediction. Blindly relied on this app and now in a fix. ,,, NEGATIVE
This so good 👌 it helps me to conceive my first baby, hope this time too it will help me. ,,, POSITIVE
In the contraceptives section they dont have many options to choose from ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome and user friendly ,,, POSITIVE
♡ ,,, POSITIVE
Good one. ,,, POSITIVE
Its been very helpful and reliable ,,, POSITIVE
Ive been using Maya for a few months niw and to be completely honest, this app is probably obe of the best for young women who just want to track their periods and moods and symptoms. Maya has helped me at a time where my periods got super irregular and I was still able to track them well. The tips and information provided along the sides are also super fun and useful to read! Please give maya a try for at least e periods before you decide if she's right for you! ,,, POSITIVE
Helps alot Its right every time it keeps me from getting pregnant and it reminds me to take my menstrual pills so I don't fuggin die of cramps and it helps me not stain clothes ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful to track your periods and ur mood at at times ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Best app. Have been using it for 4 years now. It hasn't disappointed me. Thanks Maya. ,,, POSITIVE
Great app! ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for years and I love it. It's easy to use to track your period. It has been very accurate on my cycles. I used it recently to track my pregnancy as well. ,,, POSITIVE
Good one. ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Great app. Helps me with my periods so much. ,,, POSITIVE
Love it!!! ,,, POSITIVE
👍👍👍 ,,, POSITIVE
Notifications don't work. It's an ok app other than that but my first start of cycle with it I relied on it notifying me when I was due to start and it didn't, meaning I was left caught out without any period products which isn't something that's happened to me since I was a teen. All my phone and app settings are set to receive notifications, yet I'm just not getting them and it's the one reason I'm even using the app. ,,, NEGATIVE
This app is awesome. .. ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate app ,,, POSITIVE
Great app !! ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app for quite a while- I've actually lost track of how long lol. I do not use medicinal birth control so I heavily rely on this app to track my cycles and whatnot. So far no babies so I'm gonna say good job guys! ,,, POSITIVE
It's a best app for periods it gives a coreecr date ,,, POSITIVE
Gud ,,, POSITIVE
So far, I Iike it. Simple, cute and easy to use. ,,, POSITIVE
Superb app ,,, POSITIVE
A lot of good!! This app supports me in my period tracking ,,, POSITIVE
Best app. Highly recommend it ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
I have a period twice a month but I'm not able to record the second cycle with this app. ,,, NEGATIVE
definately thumbs up 👍 ,,, POSITIVE
The best so far, ,,, POSITIVE
its a useful app ,,, POSITIVE
Great app but pathetic upgrade options I have been wanting to upgrade for over a few months now..but every mode come up as an error. Stuck at this point and no support to get through. ,,, NEGATIVE
I've used this app for years and I don't have any complain about this app this app is perfect ,,, POSITIVE
Thank you to whoever created this app! This is the most accurate Period Tracker app I ever downloaded. I'm really grateful that there is a advice panel where you can chat and freely talk about menstruation problems and nutrition plans. ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful.. I have been using this app for more than 2 years now, no issue no complaint..😇 ,,, POSITIVE
It is so precise ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
Really good ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate tracking app. Easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Useless and pathetic😣 ,,, NEGATIVE
Superb way to track your cycles!! ,,, POSITIVE
It is a very useful app ,,, POSITIVE
It's shhooooo goood . Lovin it ,,, POSITIVE
My favourite app ,,, POSITIVE
interfaz clara, puntual, sencilla. ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful app. Easy to keep note ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Really helpful ,,, POSITIVE
It a great app to keep track of my cycle, wish it learn more and adapted more. There is a lot of potential that has yet to be seen. ,,, POSITIVE
Good to remember dates ,,, POSITIVE
Mto incrivel ,,, POSITIVE
Impressive! Liked it ,,, POSITIVE
Loved using this app ❤ always so much helpful :) ,,, POSITIVE
It's super friendly and easy to understand. ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful and easy to understand, I have almost 5 years with the app and it helped me to avoid birth control pills. I am so happy with it that bought the premium version💓💓 100% recommended ,,, POSITIVE
Excelente ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect ,,, POSITIVE
Maya is really bad, now wants to charge for a human necesity which is menstruation. Are you going to charge it as the tampons and other female products so they are as expensive too??? HELL NO GIRL!!! I can perfectly can to learn to program or as easy as using excel. You can also go old school and use paper and pen but I'll personally recommend to get an iPad for a bit of less pollution. ,,, NEGATIVE
Useful ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for years now. I chose it because of the design and I love it since that. It has all the necessary features but nothing more and it is a good thing. A period tracker shouldn't be overcomplicated anyway. One thing I don't like is that the advertisements in this app don't follow the general settings of my phone which means that even if my phone is in silent mode they are with sound and scare me to death when they turn up. So I can only use it at home. ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
It's great so far having some trouble ending my cycles ,,, POSITIVE
Much satisfied app.. calculations are appropriate.. user friendly app.. ,,, POSITIVE
Love it ,,, POSITIVE
I love it! ,,, POSITIVE
😘 ,,, POSITIVE
Fab app, keeps a track of my cycle and symptoms ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app very much, but after updating I can't open it. I really don't know the reason why ,,, POSITIVE
Great for tracking my period BUT my pwriod is every 33-35 days, I can't change that in the app and it hasn't adjusted during the three years I've used it. ,,, NEGATIVE
For those who need simple tracking app. No dietary drama, no fancy interface, no crazy number of theme that takes up spaces. This app exit in ur phone just sittin there silently waitin in case u need it. Tracking is accurate and u have option to add notes for each day. Loves it. Been using for years. Hope it'll NOT change much or ill unsubs. Just stay simple, k. (Update : ABSOLUTELY HATE the newest "conversation" update. Lucky i didnt auto-update. If the app force me to update, ill unsubs!!!!) ,,, POSITIVE
It has different information on different days which is cool cuz it tells u about your body n what to do n etc n u can tell everyone your problems ,,, POSITIVE
I love it😊 ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ..its very easy to track my periods and ovulation days..using this app for last 3 years ..great experience... ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Es una app muy util, puedes recuperar tus datos , tiene todas las predicciones , la verdad es genial!!!! ,,, POSITIVE
I have very regular cycle of 23-26days,after delay of 2 days of my cycle on 28th day, I did home pregnancy test and it is positive and Maya aap helps me a lot to conceive within 3months,by showing my exact period date, most fertile days,may be fertile and not fertile days. I am 30 yrs now and after 9 years of marriage we tried 1st time to conceive and it is successful.I am very happy with Team Maya. Thank you so much for the part of my long waited motherhood journey.❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ever ,,, POSITIVE
Someone recommended to me this app and since then I've been using it with total satisfaction about the accuracy and some tips to help during the cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
It's nice ,,, POSITIVE
I love it..itz the best app ,,, POSITIVE
I think you should include "vivid dreams" in the symptoms section for tracking signs of your period ,,, POSITIVE
Love the app it's been 5 years I have been using it. It's helpful ,the tips and the tracking . Thank u for keeping me always updated ,,, POSITIVE
Love itt ,,, POSITIVE
A very good app.. ,,, POSITIVE
Realy good and I enjoy the facts about which phase your in :). ,,, POSITIVE
Adoro esse app, uso a bastante tempo. ,,, POSITIVE
very good app ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this for years and it WAS a great app, before they added all the ads. Now I have to see an ad after almost every screen or every time I click something. Almost not worth using it anymore. ,,, NEGATIVE
Helps me alot, notified me before periods, liked it alot. ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome app! I can track not only my periods, but my mood, weight, etc. Super accurate in menstrual cycle prediction! User friendly and cute. ,,, POSITIVE
The best app ,,, POSITIVE
I been using this since 4yrs s to avoid pregnancy and periods tracking. It's like my personal health advisor which predicts me quite well right . I recommend all to maintain years of ur body history . ,,, POSITIVE
A good app to track your periods regularly. It also has an options to track mood, cramp etc. No advertisement. Overall , one of the best app. ,,, POSITIVE
I love it ,,, POSITIVE
It's good experience wid this app ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome app ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ,,, POSITIVE
Tengo años usando y me ha funcionado muy bien. ,,, POSITIVE
Its been so helpful,i have 5 children and am not on any family planing method its just maya period caculator. I feel so protected always. Thank you. ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ,,, POSITIVE
Melhor app! Uso há anos. Além de fofo, é informativo e prático. Maya, eu te venero ❤❤❤❤❤❤ ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ever..... ,,, POSITIVE
It was very usuful to be ablw to use Maya!~ i can keep track of everything and the notifications are eeally usuful as well ,,, POSITIVE
Just started using and love this app! My only suggestion is adding more options to symptoms and mood. I love the options available already but I was using another app (womanlog) and they have a TON of options (and ability to rate each symptom). Go steal their list lol ,,, POSITIVE
I think its a great application. Despite the accuracy, what I love most about the app are the features involves such as symptoms and mood predictions. Ofcourse there is a lot to improve but it is honestly the best period app. ,,, POSITIVE
Very good🧡 ,,, POSITIVE
Very beneficial ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use and helpful ,,, POSITIVE
It's a good app. I like it. 👌🌸💜 ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app........ ,,, POSITIVE
Have lots of Benefit ,,, NEUTRAL
I love it. Once you 'calibrate' it, the tracking is very accurate!! Considering how periods works. Mine are horrible if I don't take the pill with time, so it helps me a lot, even with the mood and symptoms prediction lol! And the style of it it's very discreet too, looks like a simple calendar 💕 Recommended to my friends and family 10/10 👍🏼 ,,, POSITIVE
So far soo good ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Bom aplicativo. Prático e não erra nos cálculos das fases. ,,, POSITIVE
This app is so stupid ,,, NEGATIVE
Had a great experience with Maya thank you for providing information about my health ,,, POSITIVE
Find this app brilliant ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to understand and easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Notei que as "Dicas de hoje" por vezes estão com problemas de digitação. E mais, elas poderiam ser bem mais elaboradas! Os sintomas também podem ser melhor explicados. Como 'coceira'. Coceira onde, no corpo ou na vulva, sabe? Especificar os sintomas auxilia as clientes a aprimorar o autoconhecimento ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Extremely great app.. helping me track my dates from past 2 years. ,,, POSITIVE
Loveee ,,, POSITIVE
it's almost perfect, except that the ads pop out of nowhere every few clicks ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ❤❤💋 ,,, POSITIVE
This was an awesome app - until they made an advertisement festival out of it. WHY? Just the easy normal monthly overview was minimal but super functional. Of course they had to monetize it and hide it behind ads. Thanks for screwing it up. ,,, NEGATIVE
Been using it since 2015, really helpful when I got pregnant in 2018 ❤ Thank you, Maya! ,,, POSITIVE
Fantastic ,,, POSITIVE
Too good to keep track!!! Thank you Maya❤❤ ,,, POSITIVE
Very Satisfying ,,, POSITIVE
Really helpful. Perfect predictions provided. ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app. ,,, POSITIVE
It's a great way to log your menstrual cycle and all the other symptoms. I like to keep a track and look out for abnormalities and changes in my cycle. Great app indeed! I would recommend all the women to use it. ,,, POSITIVE
Best app for every girl l ,,, POSITIVE
Wish it could track 2 cycles other then that perfect n accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app and very useful! ,,, POSITIVE
It's really good. ,,, POSITIVE
It's almost amazing the accuracy of the moods it predicts and it's right on the prediction of my monthly visitor because I forget so I really enjoy this plus there's an informative information everyday to help you learn about yourself ,,, POSITIVE
Great app. No ads have popped up. Love how you can log your symptoms. ,,, POSITIVE
excellent ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent app ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app, it is such a great tool to keep track of all the ins and outs of my cycle. The reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of the widget. I would have loved an easy access to moods and * for easier tracking. Thank you for developing a great app! 😍 ,,, POSITIVE
Life is soo easy now with handy pms alerts, period dates and safe/unsafe dates of month.. this app is a blessing ,,, POSITIVE
I love it .it's a very good app ,,, POSITIVE
So accurate 💯👌 ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful...no need to remember the dates....n the predictions of mood etc is also helpful...thanks!! ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome app, very easy to use. ,,, POSITIVE
Great app....keep me updated with my cycles & fertility window.....highly approved & keep up the awesome work......i like to see next is fitness tracker(s) syncing like (Google Fit, Fitbit, Samsung Health & etc) ,,, POSITIVE
Great tracking ,,, POSITIVE
Great app... I wanna say "great job" to the developers 😉 ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app it's very accurate 👌🏼 ,,, POSITIVE
Great period symptom tracker! ,,, POSITIVE
very practical and handy 🖤🖤 ,,, POSITIVE
Use it for my wife. Its extremely user friendly and helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome App ,,, POSITIVE
Best tracking app ,easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ,,, POSITIVE
I like the app it helps me control my period ,,, POSITIVE
One of my fav app ..i have been using it since 2015 . .it helps me to record my periods time n its quite accurate ..tell me when I'll have my next cycle. I have suggested this app to my friends n relatives. They are happy with it..thank you ,,, POSITIVE
Love it ,,, POSITIVE
Vry accurate and easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Such a shame that they have flooded this app with adverts. ,,, NEGATIVE
It's very useful app ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful app for girls... ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Excelente App ,,, POSITIVE
It's so important 💜💙 ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Really useful to track my period. It is a little inaccurate the first few times, most likely due to minimum personal data, but it gets more and more accurate as time goes by. There are apso daily tips relating to hormones and period cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ,,, POSITIVE
I'ld recommend other apps such as PinkBird, Ovia, My Tracker, etc. ,,, NEGATIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Way to many ads it's almost impossible to read the daily notes without numerous of ads continously popping up! ,,, NEUTRAL
I have been using this app since more than 6 year very useful and perfect ,,, POSITIVE
This app is super helpful for reminders as well as tracking my symptoms and such. ,,, POSITIVE
Love it!!! Predictions are accurate 😄 ,,, POSITIVE
Lov it...helps a lot ,,, POSITIVE
Have been using it for years... Easy to use, to track. ,,, POSITIVE
Best ,,, POSITIVE
Best applicantion. 98% predictions are right. Just give more options in predictions like body pain.. Lower back pain.. Cramps in leg. Before and after flow. ,,, POSITIVE
It's a very useful and helpful application. ,,, POSITIVE
Well done ,,, POSITIVE
Love it ,,, POSITIVE
It is very accurate... am happy with it😊😊 ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Its always useful app for me. ,,, POSITIVE
It's good .. it helps me to keep remember my periods date and remind me as well on almost exact date before they start .. ,,, POSITIVE
great app ,,, POSITIVE
Good and convenient ,,, POSITIVE
Helpfull ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ,,, POSITIVE
When i logged in today, all my previous data were GONE! WTH! No I did not change my phone or anything. I last used it a few days ago to record my period. Edited: what's the point of asking me to email you when you don't even reply to my email? ,,, NEGATIVE
I love this app. It's amazing, everytime I have a new phone, this is one of the firsts apps that I download cuz it's complete and provides all the information I need to understand my body and my cycle ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app ,,, POSITIVE
This is a very good app for tracking periods but need some improvement like If period is delayed or missed some days create anything that reminds that this month I got my periods late and any other thing regarding to this problem. Overall it is a good app... ,,, NEUTRAL
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
Meh, too much ads ,,, NEUTRAL
Отлично работает. Цикл рассчитывает идеально. ,,, POSITIVE
wonderful app, simple to use and very cute. ,,, POSITIVE
Great app, very reliable and easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Tracks perfectly 👍 ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
fertility k liye best option h ,,, POSITIVE
This app is Good ,,, POSITIVE
This app is really useful and it helps me in track my period ,,, POSITIVE
Maya is an amazing app! I've been using it for over 3 years now maybe a bit longer and it is so useful and accurate. I've recommended it to my sister and friends and they made me premium just by doing that... I'm seeing some comolaints about adds but... upgrade to premium b#$tches and you won't see them anymore, they need to make money somehow to keep the app running so if people are not willing to pay for premium I don't know why they complain about adds. ,,, POSITIVE
The most apt app, the everyday tips and very useful and calming. Highly impressed with the eye pleasing user interface as well. It helps to push oneself whenever we cannot talk out our problems openly. ,,, POSITIVE
It's of great help in keeping track on your cycles and moods! Thanks Maya💜 ,,, POSITIVE
I've been using this app for a while now. It's very helpful especially when you go to the doctor and they start asking for the date of your last cycle if you dnt remember all you have to do is pull out your phone😂😂😂 ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome ,,, POSITIVE
It helped me track my period. I like that this app reminds me if my period is late and the advice is so helpful. ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
This is a beautiful app. So far i have had no issues with it. Kudos to the team ,,, POSITIVE
It is a very useful app with userfriendly interface. ,,, POSITIVE
Its best app to remember ur periods..i have been using it from last 2 years.. good app ,,, POSITIVE
Good apps ! ,,, POSITIVE
been using this on multiple phones throughout the years, great experience, never lost my data though i switched from android to ios and back to android again. the app never disappointed, and kept being improoved on as time went by. ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Love that I can sign in on other devices ,,, POSITIVE
Very easy to use! ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Great app ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing, used it for years. ,,, POSITIVE
It's a damn good app!! ,,, POSITIVE
Can't be without this app. ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Been using it for two years now, and it's been so reliable. Keep up the good work! ,,, POSITIVE
It doesn't send you any type of my notifications that I had set. ,,, NEGATIVE
Very helpful tool for keeping track of what's going on in your body! ,,, POSITIVE
Quite helpful in reminding about the arrival of 'dear sister' 😉 for someone as forgetful as me. Good job👍🏼 ,,, POSITIVE
recomendo. ,,, POSITIVE
Super ,,, POSITIVE
It's a very nice application with all the required features.. loved it ,,, POSITIVE
love it ,,, POSITIVE
make it easy to follow our body rythm ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful in tracking your menstruation plus you can also check if you're safe to make love or not. ,,, POSITIVE
this is a great period tracker app, with a nice interface and great functionality over all. i'm not giving it the 5 stars due to some bugs regarding the pill reminder. for some reason sometimes it is trigger and others it is not -- i had to set a regular reminder set on daily for my pill reminders. apart from that is great. ,,, POSITIVE
This app is really perfect, I've been using it for about 9 or less years, it always reminds me my date and help me to find out if there's any problem in my health. Thank you great group. ,,, POSITIVE
If you are TTC, or irregular, this app is basically useless. Can't record lh tests, and won't let you change cycle length. Keeps reminding me that I have PMS when that's still 2 weeks away! ,,, NEGATIVE
It's very useful for me. I've been using this app for years now ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect for tracking ,,, POSITIVE
My maya account wont open in my new phone...i had to create a new account...but i had been tracking for like 3 years on my old account. ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this app for 3 years now and it hasn't disappointed me. Thank you Maya. ,,, POSITIVE
I love maya ,,, POSITIVE
It was so useful to me that i recommended to many of my friends ,,, POSITIVE
Happy Camper! I've been rocking with this app for a while now and it's still going strong. I love that I can see graphs of cycle patterns, briefly journal and document symptoms all for free. Ads are fairly easy to overlook. ,,, POSITIVE
Good App for keeping track of your menstrual cycle ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
EXCELLENT TRACKING!! THE ALERTS ARE GREAT!! BEEN USING THIS APP FOR YEARS ,,, POSITIVE
It's a great app. Very accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Lovely app... This way it has become easy for me to remember and keep track of my periods... Very helpful app ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful app ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful app ,,, POSITIVE
Best app..m using this app for 3yrs n it track my date vry accuratly..loved it ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app since 2013. It's a Lifesaver countless of time. ,,, POSITIVE
Very nyc app ,,, POSITIVE
Great! ,,, POSITIVE
Its been grate and very accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Thank you ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this app for years. Simple and does the job, can't complain ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app, it helps me keep track of my periods in my busy schedule. Easy and user friendly. ,,, POSITIVE
Good hai ,,, POSITIVE
👍 ,,, POSITIVE
Nice.... ,,, POSITIVE
Best app for tracking Periods.Very Helpful. ,,, POSITIVE
This app basically does everything i want it to do and I love it. It reminds me to take my pill, has great advice and tips for easier periods, and allows me to track everything about my cycle. The only problem i have is that it doesnt allow for tracking my birth control accurately because im on an 84+7 or 91 day pill. If you fixed that it would be five stars for sure. ,,, POSITIVE
Love this App! Super informational & accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
Love it! I'm not going to lie...I was hesitant to install it at first because of the negative comments..but I can say that it works perfectly😊 no problems with it whatsoever. ,,, POSITIVE
The tips given are reallly good. ,,, POSITIVE
This app is very helpful. ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Excelente 👌 10o% recomendada ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful app...and helpful... ,,, POSITIVE
Excelent app.... Is perfect if you want to have all the control of your body♡. I really Love this App, is my favorite ,,, POSITIVE
I love love Maya,Verry Easy to use.. I recommend it any day any time.. ,,, POSITIVE
so far it seems to be on point about 75% of the time. ,,, POSITIVE
I tried many period tracking apps... But maya is the best... ,,, POSITIVE
Useful ,,, POSITIVE
Very good ,,, POSITIVE
Maya is very good application to to track period records when a women wants to conceive. ,,, POSITIVE
I used to love this app but the ads became disruptive, taking over the whole screen and it's really annoying. ,,, NEUTRAL
It helps me track my dates and always accurate...I am using this app since 5years.... It works..👍 ,,, POSITIVE
The best tracker I've tried!! ,,, POSITIVE
Great. ,,, POSITIVE
Ayuda demasiado, lo uso desde que se llamaba LoveCycles ,,, POSITIVE
An amazing app. Really usefull and easy to use with reminders and places to track and record everything you could possibly think of. ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for 5 years. I feel this app is getting better and better. If no accident, I would use this app for all my life. ,,, POSITIVE
Great app! ,,, POSITIVE
Fantastic app, I have used it for years to track my cycle and wouldn't be without it now. ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
Love 😍 ,,, POSITIVE
Great app i love it ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent app using from 2 yrs ,,, POSITIVE
👍🏻 ,,, POSITIVE
been using it for years, easy to use and most likely to be accurate at all times! 💗 ,,, POSITIVE
This app is pretty accurate and user friendly...also the sync is just amazing... Love it totally can't live without this ...😄♥️ ,,, POSITIVE
Love the app ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
The app is so accurate about my dates..helps me a lot to maintain my activities accordingly ❤❤❤ ,,, POSITIVE
Best periid tracking app.Accuracy is spot on ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for several years now. It is so simple, and gives a ton of info. I now introduced it to my daughter to use. ,,, POSITIVE
Superb app..wid 100% accuracy with my menses ,,, POSITIVE
Very nice and helpful! Loved it! ,,, POSITIVE
Me encanta, es realmente práctica. Puedes rastrear todos tus periodos y llevar un registro de todos tus sintomas. ,,, POSITIVE
Only problem I have is it won't save when my period end's, not sure how it's going to be accurate if it doesn't do that. ,,, POSITIVE
Accuracy ❤ ,,, POSITIVE
This app works really well for me. Everytime I get a new phone this is one of five of the first apps I download. The longer you use it the longer its more helpful to you. ,,, POSITIVE
Best application for menstrual cycle observation and prediction, awesome thank you ,,, POSITIVE
This had been three best app for tracking my cycle and it's recent changes. It's really easy to use and understand. I highly recommend to anyone who needs easy tracking or is new to tracking their cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
The best period tracker I've used. Very precise in predicting my moods, symptoms and period starting and ending days. The reminder function is very useful. The app is also quite informative as it explains what goes on in your body during certain days before, during and after your cycle, and why you get specific symptoms on certain days, and how to deal with those symptoms. ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful app ,,, POSITIVE
Only form of birth control i need. Easy to use, love it. 4 years later; still using it, still love it. ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect 👌 ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
The best period tracker! I've been using this app for years and never failed me. Month is divided by color codes such as fertility, safe time etc. there is always a reminder for pms and start of the period (which saves me every month because I usually forget :)). Propably I'll use this app till my menapouse starts:) Thanks for the developers. ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate and the tips are great! ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app ,,, POSITIVE
Easy to follow and use. I would add birth control options. ,,, POSITIVE
This app predicts accurate cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
This is a very good app. Helps me keep everything on track...my life is sorted ( menstruationally)!! ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app almost accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Since yesterday I m. Asking a question in chat box.. But there is no reply. I think it's a fake app ,,, NEUTRAL
Good ,,, POSITIVE
This is a comprehensive app with more thoughtful content that lets me consider my cycle wholesomely. Features are designed well. I'd request that the symptoms or emotions could be chosen with our own labels, ie we could create our own labels to go with the logo/emoji icons for various physical symptoms or emotions/moods. Each of us have our own recognizable recurring symptoms and reactions that would be nice to record to actually learn more about our individual selves as the app encourages. ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app. Helps me to track my cycle. Simply amazing. ,,, POSITIVE
Really good app. But Flow end option does not work... ,,, NEUTRAL
Love it ,,, POSITIVE
Smooth ,,, POSITIVE
This is a great app. I use it for tracking roughly when my periods are and that works great. But when you set up your account it gives you the option to choose why you want to use the app and I think it would be helpful if you could select more than one. For example I'd like it if I could use it to try and avoid pregnancy as well as tracking my period. ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful. The appearance of the app is so cute!.. thank you! ,,, POSITIVE
Love it! ,,, POSITIVE
Am just going to start using it ,,, POSITIVE
It helps me a lot to keep track of the dates. I know when to expect mother nature's kick. So that's awesome ,,, POSITIVE
Good app for tracking periods. ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
Kebentur banget buat tracking menstruasi dan bisa prediksi dari jauh2 hari.. Aku suka banget sama desainnya 💕 ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app! ,,, POSITIVE
Great! ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
It is ok, somewhat matches the prediction. ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Good to keep a record. ,,, POSITIVE
Have been using since 2017. Best app to keep track of periods and best thing is the reminder. Love it and recommend it to other ladies. ,,, POSITIVE
Satisfied ,,, POSITIVE
A very good app Helps me a lot Love it!! ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
A very good app. I've found it very useful. Just the ads should be less. ,,, POSITIVE
almost 6 years... keep the good work... ,,, POSITIVE
Superb app ,,, POSITIVE
useful app ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app. Its always accurate when i get my next cycle.!!! ,,, POSITIVE
Very accurate very simple and easy to use ,,, POSITIVE
Why this app is getting uninstalled by itself ,,, NEGATIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Ive been using this app for over 2 yrs...really really helpful and user friendly too. ,,, POSITIVE
It's so helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Best app for period tracking ❤❤❤ ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful ,,, POSITIVE
I love the app, I use it as a reminder. It is off sometimes by a day or two but it's still good and accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
Is easy to use and understand, very helpful, straight to the point and with good info ,,, POSITIVE
Genuinely the best period tracking app ever. ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate prediction for me.. ❤️❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
The best app available for tracking periods and PMS including all the international ones available as well. Maya is certainly the best! A big thanks to the creators and designing team of the App. ,,, POSITIVE
I like it but why it have my name ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app ,,, POSITIVE
Maya is a very use ful app for me.. Thank u. ,,, POSITIVE
The best period tracker ,,, POSITIVE
Pretty accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
Very pleased with the app. Extremely reliable! ,,, POSITIVE
It keeps a good record and moreover it makes it easier and convinient ,,, POSITIVE
Nice info gvn here ,,, POSITIVE
I have tried a few period trackers and this one is my favorite and works well. ,,, POSITIVE
I really love this app 10/10 😍 ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app!! ,,, POSITIVE
Sometimes notifications don't come when the cycle is about to start. ,,, POSITIVE
Waited for 7 years to give this review and rating. It's truly amazing app! Record appropriately and it will surprise you, plus it also notifies ovulation, PMS and several other important things . Ads are frequent in unpaid version. ,,, POSITIVE
So helpfull ,,, POSITIVE
I cant stop loving this app.. its really really helpful this is an edit for the reviw i used it since 2017 and its awesome .. i keep telling my pt about it ,,, POSITIVE
awesome ,,, POSITIVE
Excelente, bem preciso, muito útil! ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app.its so helpfull n active ,,, POSITIVE
Nice apps ,,, POSITIVE
Excelente... ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app. Symptoms and moods are accurate, easy layout. My fav part is where you can tell others about your problem and other people can help u! Amazing! Absolutely love this app and would most definitely recommend. ,,, POSITIVE
I've found Maya really useful, and accurate when it comes to predictions of mood and symptoms. I particularly like the widgit countdown to your next period. The only thing I would say is that you only have the option of "unprotected" or "protected" when you record sex, rather than more specific e.g. "hormone contraception", "barrier contraception", "withdrawal", "none" which I have come across in other apps. ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using Maya since 2013 when it was known as LoveCycles. The more you use it, the more Maya gets to know you. The app is still very accurate at predicting when my cycle will start since I'm fairly regular. Something else I have always loved is how discreet this app is. It does not look like someone tried too hard to glamourize and sparkle up my period. I feel no dread opening up this app anywhere in public because it looks like a regular calendar. ,,, POSITIVE
This is an excellent app. Keep it up with your work! ,,, POSITIVE
I love it!!! ,,, POSITIVE
Very educative and gives easy analysis ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent app and shockingly accurate. I wouldn't replace this app for anything else. ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Absolutely love this app ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app ,,, POSITIVE
👍👍👍 ,,, POSITIVE
Its a best app/reminder forme in all health aspects. Good track meter, notes and other options. ,,, POSITIVE
Helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Very convenient to remember your current cycle and the ones to come ,,, POSITIVE
Using since April 2017, Best app to track chums... Already recommended to friends and family....... ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect ,,, POSITIVE
It's a useful app to accurate date my PMS and fertile days ,,, POSITIVE
Nice to follow-up on periods and to now when it is started not always effective and on time but most times right. ,,, POSITIVE
Incrível! Prevê as datas e os sintomas muito bem até quando eu deixo de atualizar o calendário por um tempo hahah ,,, POSITIVE
Helpful to track periods & ovulation; user friendly. ,,, POSITIVE
Useful ,,, POSITIVE
Good and reminded easily on cycles..just awesome...,...........love it,..,..............,.... ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
it's best app for women bcoz it gives so many tips and also advices which is helpful for me ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful app! ,,, POSITIVE
Absolutely love this app, helps me note down details about my cycle and works perfectly fine. I've been using this app for a while now and I can't do without it. ,,, POSITIVE
So handy to track my periods and I like the info they provide about my cycle ,,, POSITIVE
Me sirvió hasta el momento en que tuve un ciclo de 21 dias. No lo registró dejó todo en gris y no lo cuenta en las estadísticas. Cuando lo reporte me respondieron "esta grabado". Lamentablemente la aplicación solo sirve si tenes un ciclo regular y bien portado. Si llegas a tener un desfase hormonal o decidís acortar tu ciclo con hormonas la app NO TE VA A SERVIR. me arrepiento de pagar la suscripción. Me molestó mucho la respuesta que me dieron. YA ME PUSE EN CONTACTO y no valió la pena. ,,, NEGATIVE
The best app ever ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Too good ,,, POSITIVE
i enjoyed using Maya and more than happy to pay for it once for all. But the monthly/yearly payment plan is bit werid for an app that only has one main function, which is tracking periods. If its like the ADOBE suite, which needs to add on new features every month, then it will make more sense to pay monthly. In this case, paying yearly or monthly to a simple function app is only a money game. I'm waiting for the day that when Maya realised this, and set up a one off price for the product. ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome calculation.. liked the app overall ,,, POSITIVE
Great App. Does exactly what you want it to and it's very, very accurate. I've used it now for well over a year and I very highly recommend it. Edit: I've now used this app for 2 years and it predicts correctly down to the day now and I could not reccomend it more highly. ,,, POSITIVE
Been using this app for at least 5 years and just love it. Always accurate and love design. ,,, POSITIVE
I am using this app for more than an year now. It has good user interface, so it's easy to track your periods and it's pattern. ,,, POSITIVE
It's a great app, really helpful! ,,, POSITIVE
It's good! ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent app for tracking menstrual cycle ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome app and it's lucky app for me...got a boy baby.... ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Love it! ,,, POSITIVE
Helpful! ,,, POSITIVE
Easily manageable ,,, POSITIVE
Eu nao consigo fazer login, mesmo as minhas informacoes estando certas. ,,, NEGATIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Its a good app. It fits what I need. ,,, POSITIVE
It's nice app. But it will be perfect if I can choose Vietnamese language on it haha. Hope and looking forward to seeing Vietnamese in the next upgrade! ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Good and useful app ,,, POSITIVE
I'm using this app for Ny. It is quiet accuracy and good for record changing of my body in many ways. I recommand u. ,,, POSITIVE
Nice❣ ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app! Makes my period tracking so easy 💓 ,,, POSITIVE
This app helped me when I was trying to ver pregnant and was really accurate when it came to symptoms and expected flow. Super recommend it ,,, POSITIVE
Realmente útil ,,, POSITIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Not a good app. Shows incorrect data all the time. ,,, NEGATIVE
An okay tracker I guess. ,,, POSITIVE
Fico mais tranquila, tendo tudo controlado. ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing for tracking ur period ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app ,,, POSITIVE
App is 99% accurate. I've been using it for yearssss, I love it so much ❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
OK google ,,, POSITIVE
Awesome app ....i really like it ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app. Shame one has to pay to have all the features ,,, POSITIVE
❤❤👍 ,,, POSITIVE
I take this app for my Wife . It working 💯% . A big thank to Maya team . Expect more. ,,, POSITIVE
Love it ,,, POSITIVE
it is worth downloading ,,, POSITIVE
Maya is accurate!!, wow, i like it alot and the most intresting thing about it is that daily massages they give us , I always read them, they are correct about me, thank you Maya and keep on bringing us new ideas. ,,, POSITIVE
Not so accurate but fussy need to update more data ,,, NEUTRAL
the tips are really useful and the free version is really good, I store all my info and keep track of my health <3 ,,, POSITIVE
Love it! ,,, POSITIVE
It has been my family planning app for years... I love it ,,, POSITIVE
This app sells your private information to other websites including facebook. ,,, NEGATIVE
Great tips and precise period dates ,,, POSITIVE
supar ,,, POSITIVE
Dissssss isss annn amazng apppps.i like it ,,, POSITIVE
I don't usually write reviews for apps, but for this app I'll make an exception! I've tried a few period tracking apps before and none of them compares to Maya. It has become a habit to check the app just to read the Today's Tip. I absolutely LOVE that it explains so well what I'm going through at the moment. You guys are awesome for making this app! ,,, POSITIVE
Grateful to have this app. Good on tips ok ,,, POSITIVE
Too good ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing! ,,, POSITIVE
My response to developers' response: Thank you very much for your response. I knew these processes of correction. I am warning people of possible human error, it was not error of the app. 🙂 Thank you for putting out this app with abundant free of cost features. For the users, be very careful while marking period start & end dates. Otherwise 1 or more mistakes and you could be accessing your period/pregnancy in this app with wrong signs symptoms hence you may end up in major Jeopardy. Thanks.. ,,, POSITIVE
Very nice but is not as easy as de other Aap ,,, NEUTRAL
This app potentially feeds our data to FB according to article. Been using for years but because of this have to uninstall just to be safe. ,,, NEGATIVE
After reading that, maya is sharing our private data with facebook, I dont feel safe using this app. I cant continue using this app anymore. ,,, NEGATIVE
Great ,,, POSITIVE
Great Application to Track you Monthly Cycle, Help allott to Predict your Future Cycle Dates, which help to plan your Events accordingly. ,,, POSITIVE
THIS APP LEAKS DATA TO FACEBOOK. THIS APP HAS LEAKED ALL OF MY PRIVATE DATA TO FACEBOOK. I AM FILLING A COURT CASE AGAINST THE DEVELOPERS. ,,, NEGATIVE
It helps me keep track of my days. For me the app is very accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
Th study, 'No Body's Business But Mine: How Menstruation Apps Are Sharing Your Data' reveals that out of the few studied-apps with a wide user-reach, two of them, Maya by Plackal Tech and MIA by Mobapp Development have appeared to extensively share highly personal data with Facebook to target audience for advertisers. ,,, NEGATIVE
I cannot believe that you guys leaked informations on your users and did not even have the decency to send us a e-mail concerning that matter. ,,, NEGATIVE
Love the daily tips, helps me understand my moods better and my body ,,, POSITIVE
HORRIBLE !! THEY ARE REVEALING DATA OF THE USERS WITH 3RD PARTIES. GOOGLE IT. ,,, NEGATIVE
very useful app to track ur cycle ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app. Been using it for 6 years! the interface is user friendly and most of the features are helpful. Tracking my period cycles and health has been easy and fun with Maya. Not to mention they always got my symptoms predictions right. Highly recommended☺️ ,,, POSITIVE
Ok thank you ,,, POSITIVE
Recently found out that the App shares data with Facebook without the users knowledge. ,,, NEGATIVE
I have read on internetMaya is sharing our personal data with Facebook. Is this news is true? ,,, POSITIVE
Data sharing with Facebook is absolutely not acceptable. It is a breach in privacy, even if you have this clause in you privacy policy, it should b mentioned were users actually read it. ,,, NEGATIVE
Data leakage is highly unacceptable and horrifying!! Uninstalled!!! ,,, NEGATIVE
Read in an article about how maya and other apps share personal details with Facebook..if that has been dealt with i would reinstall it, otherwise I have been using it since 2016 with no complaints ,,, NEUTRAL
The app shares your private data to FB and other third party apps. There's even an article in the ET on the same. Don't use the app. ,,, NEGATIVE
Used to love this app, but now it's laden with ads. I also just found out it shares my data with third parties, including Facebook. What used to be a wonderful tool to empower women to track their health, has become a money-hungry cash cow. ,,, NEGATIVE
Look, I love Maya, but the fact that you sell our data in aggregate or no without having us opt into FB sales is appalling. ,,, NEGATIVE
Very useful ,,, POSITIVE
Heard that data is leaked. Is it so? ,,, NEGATIVE
UNINSTALL AND DONT INSTALL. MAYA IS SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFO WITH FACEBOOK. I've had this app for years but now leaving after the release of article being shared that maya has release ovulation, period, personal information like when you had sex. They released and shared the emotions they ask you to fill in. Dont get it. I deleted my profile. ,,, NEGATIVE
It's great ,,, POSITIVE
If you want to use this app you have to agree to have your data shared with third party apps like Facebook. Really? ,,, NEGATIVE
I really like the interface of this app..very soothing and cool..It would have been wonderful if the azure theme wasn't a paid feature.. ,,, POSITIVE
recommended to all women I know, it is very accurate and helps me understand what is going on ,,, POSITIVE
Sharing cycle info, among other info, with Facebook? Disgusting. If this is true, then get rid of the annoying ads that blast sound without my consent, even when my volume is off. ,,, NEGATIVE
Very complete and easy to keep a track. ,,, POSITIVE
They'll share your personal data with Facebook and other 3rd party apps, mind how much you share ,,, NEGATIVE
Love it ,,, POSITIVE
I've used several period tracking apps, none of them are as clean, organized, or easy to use as this one! I recommend to all girls :) ,,, POSITIVE
Recommended apps. Used this apps since 2013 👍🤗 ,,, POSITIVE
It predicts the cycle quite accurately❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Charming and useful ,,, POSITIVE
Great app, I have been using it for a long time and I haven't had any problems regarding my data or anything. Plus, the countdown widget is pretty useful. ,,, POSITIVE
El signo de más, "+" que trae del lado derecho en la parte inferior es demasiado incómodo y mal puesto. Tapa los "tips" y las predicciones que hace la app. Es frustrante no poder ver toda la información ,,, NEUTRAL
I have been using Maya for a long time and have been referring my friends to it. The in app ad pop ups were fine and I was considering converting to premium. Now I'm receiving pop up ads even when the app is closed. This is akin to malware. Please stop. ,,, NEGATIVE
This is an amazing app.. It not keeps track of ur cycle, it even gives u tips for different parts of the cycle. It predicts ur mood accurately. I have recommended the app for many of my friends. ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
Nicw app ,,, POSITIVE
Dependable and fun! ,,, POSITIVE
Reliable :) ,,, POSITIVE
works smoothly... exceeded my expectations ,,, POSITIVE
Got relief from tracking menstrual dates ,,, POSITIVE
Ok, but not ok! I stopped using the app when I was pregnant. I started using it again. My silver upgrade subscription is up in December, but it doesn't show on the app, and it won't let me repurchase the upgrade, as one subscription is active! It works well but I paid for extras that I'm not getting. ,,, NEGATIVE
Amazing! ,,, POSITIVE
very good App, been using for 2 years! ,,, POSITIVE
Why can't i change the theme! I'm trying to pick one of the free themes but the app keeps stopping! ,,, NEUTRAL
Great app very straight forward! ,,, POSITIVE
Its a very good app helps with accurate readings ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ,,, POSITIVE
Nice app.. very useful for girls.. & ya specially 4 me... ,,, POSITIVE
Simple and useful ,,, POSITIVE
Such a good app ,,, POSITIVE
doesn't work reminder when set period in custom cycle (for one day works fine) ,,, POSITIVE
it is accurate enough for me ,,, POSITIVE
Best thing abt this app is that, the record it maintains helps me gather any data required to show a consultant even wen I change multiple phones. I've been using this app for 5 years and I'm very happy abt the features. It shows a graph of my cycle past these years(it's cool right?) and mood predictions to be prepared. I took 5 long years to post good comment abt this app . it's worth a shot to try for those who are health and hygiene conscious .I bet itll help u in the future like it did for me ,,, POSITIVE
An Interactive and easy to use interface. ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful app ,,, POSITIVE
Superb app..always correct for me. Using this app past 4 years.thanku ,,, POSITIVE
Super ,,, POSITIVE
Very friendly and accurate ,,, POSITIVE
Very nice app, evey women who has irregular period problem must most importantly download this app ,,, POSITIVE
Helps me a lot. It is easy to handle this application. ,,, POSITIVE
amazing ,,, POSITIVE
Nice ,,, POSITIVE
Very helpful,keeps me in check ,,, POSITIVE
Superb. very useful n informative ,,, POSITIVE
Good app ,,, POSITIVE
very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
The app keeps on crashing. This is extremely annoying...please do something about it. ,,, NEGATIVE
I have realized i know very little about my body and what it goes through on a daily basis and i already look here to see around when I'm gonna start ,,, POSITIVE
The accuracy of the dates are just mind blowing for me...💯 ,,, POSITIVE
Please add 'strong' as a "symptom." A spot for excercise would be great too. Otherwise, great app and predictions are on point. ,,, POSITIVE
👌 love using this app pretty good !! ,,, POSITIVE
That's was really good app..without any advertisement....i m happie with this ,,, POSITIVE
Good experience ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing app. Very useful ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
Well now I can track my periods Very useful app ,,, POSITIVE
good ,,, POSITIVE
Great app..give accurate dates for periods...easy to use and understand... ,,, POSITIVE
Very nice app ,,, POSITIVE
It is good app but recently i have been facing with lots of crashes of the app. Request to developers to please correct it. Even when i apply the themes it is crashed. Please look into it. ,,, NEGATIVE
Best in predicting periods ,,, POSITIVE
good ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ! ,,, POSITIVE
Helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Super ,,, POSITIVE
helpful app ,,, POSITIVE
i've been a long time user of this app but I will no longer be supporting and will be uninstalling. I know ads are there to support the company to better the app. But i HATE pop ups ads. I haven't used the app for a year due to being pregnant and finally starting my period again so it leaves a bad taste that the pop up ads are endless when before there was no ad. ,,, NEGATIVE
Pure love ,,, POSITIVE
I love this app! it's so useful! ,,, POSITIVE
helps in tracking my periods very well 😊😊 😊 ,,, POSITIVE
Amazing ,,, POSITIVE
great app to track your monthly health and wellness with periods ,,, POSITIVE
I Love the app ,,, POSITIVE
very accurate ,,, POSITIVE
very well organised ,,, POSITIVE
doesn't have options like just had a baby its pretty confusing as well ,,, NEGATIVE
it is an awesome app which track your periods and also the ovulation period also👍👍👍 ,,, POSITIVE
osm ap I love it... ,,, POSITIVE
Works well for me ,,, POSITIVE
its like ma personal care and hlps in lots of.. ,,, POSITIVE
very helpful keeps track of my days to come ,,, POSITIVE
best app ,,, POSITIVE
the best have been using it for now 5 years never dissapoints ,,, POSITIVE
love it. easy to use. reminders are on time. ,,, POSITIVE
love it simple to use ,,, POSITIVE
nice ,,, POSITIVE
pretty good! adjusts to your cycle. so the more you use it the more accurate it becomes. also it gives you helpful little tips like "pms alert" which may or may not come as a surprise lol ,,, POSITIVE
helpful ,,, POSITIVE
very simple and helpful. usually accurate and informative I like the prediction s of side effects and ease of recording the physical and emotional changes we experience ,,, POSITIVE
very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
the best ,,, POSITIVE
Its really nice app...reminds u of ur safe,unsafe phases,pms,delay of periods etc ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
simply,the best! using since 3 yrs now. ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent ,,, POSITIVE
awesome ,,, POSITIVE
great... simple to use too ,,, POSITIVE
a really helpful app ,,, POSITIVE
Cute, simple, & sweet. There should be options though for more BC like the Mirena, etc. ,,, POSITIVE
Very useful ,,, POSITIVE
free and okay for lazy people ,,, POSITIVE
preety good ,,, POSITIVE
The best period tracking app I've used so far. ,,, POSITIVE
Im a free user but it is very great app! I can put everything and track. Can also send the data to my email. ,,, POSITIVE
o melhor APP de ciclos ,,, POSITIVE
i have been using this for years now, it is quite good ,,, POSITIVE
very nice app ,,, POSITIVE
love it! very useful ,,, POSITIVE
I can't believe how accurate this app is! been using since April 2016 and it has stayed clean in terms of utility and stats. Can't do without Maya! ,,, POSITIVE
Love ,,, POSITIVE
Muy buena aplicación, siempre me baja el dia que dice la aplicación. ,,, POSITIVE
great app ,,, POSITIVE
Es práctica y muy útil. Llevo como 4 años usándola ,,, POSITIVE
The app used to be great, I downloaded it in 2014 and it made my life so much easier. After years of loyal use I will be deleting it due to the new update that forces you to go premium to avoid pop up ads whenever you click anything. Shame on the developers. Edit: I am not condemning the use of ads as I know they are necessary, I am condemning the abuse of them. For every touch there is an ad. Every single one. It feels like I just opened a spam window. Like hell I will keep supporting it. ,,, NEGATIVE
useful enough to track periods ,,, POSITIVE
Great menstrual and *health* app. Keep track of your cycle, weight fluctuations, moods, pms symptoms, intimacy, temperature and more for a good overall picture of how your body responds to and what you can expect with monthly hormonal changes. I've been using it for three years now, and it only keeps improving. I love it and recommend it! 👍 ,,, POSITIVE
best app to keep track of periods and safe unsafe zone ,,, POSITIVE
Best app ever for tracking your cycle ,,, POSITIVE
very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
Accurate for me! ,,, POSITIVE
good ,,, NEUTRAL
Till now it's good ,,, POSITIVE
I've been happier with the updates to the app. it's has been easier to track my period and as more information you enter, the app becomes more accurate! ,,, POSITIVE
very reliable ,,, POSITIVE
very useful app , helps me to track my dates its really helpful and correct ,,, POSITIVE
Its just graat :-) ,,, POSITIVE
This app is really good ,,, POSITIVE
it becomes very usable for me. ,,, POSITIVE
Best free one so far where the ads are not bothering and taking up the whole screen instead it's a bar all the way in the bottom of the screen. Includes all the features that I was looking for like period dates, ovulation days, mood and symptoms tracker. Thank you, Maya! ,,, POSITIVE
It was a useful app but instead of tracking periods I am not pregnant but this app was tracking pregnancy and i can't record my periods I had mail to the helpline and no response till now so I'm uninstalling this app. ,,, NEGATIVE
Maya helps me to track my periods. Very easy use. I'm happy with Maya. ,,, POSITIVE
so far great ,,, POSITIVE
The app has helped me in accurate tracking of my period. It also reminds me of the next period so it's very helpful. ,,, POSITIVE
I don't like it 😞🙅🙅 ,,, NEGATIVE
Its really work.....i like it...its always remind me....my priods...date...days....safe day.....extra. ,,, POSITIVE
too good .thats it ,,, POSITIVE
Love this app!!! I use it to track periods and it never lets me down, pretty easy to use and keep track of everything. ,,, POSITIVE
Very good app ,,, POSITIVE
perfect :) ,,, POSITIVE
this app is really helpful to me😍😍 ,,, POSITIVE
Best menstrual tracking app ever! I've been using this app for years now and it's extremely helpful and accurate. ,,, POSITIVE
This hasn't been totally accurate with my ovulation days since having my son (breastfeeding/irregular cycles). I anticipate it'll get back on track after my cycles become more normal again. I'd also like a way to change a setting for birth control type. My husband and I use NFP so I select "Unprotected" when logging every "Love" event but wish I could just set it once since I never intend to use protection. The pregnancy mode is also a bit lacking but there are other apps for that. Thanks! :) ,,, POSITIVE
Useful and great app ,,, POSITIVE
really it's a great app... i can't do anything without this app. thank you maya always be with me ,,, POSITIVE
Good ,,, POSITIVE
it is really helpful 😊 ,,, POSITIVE
its a great app..helps you in maintaining your mensuration cycle. ,,, POSITIVE
nice ,,, POSITIVE
everything is maya ,,, POSITIVE
i am a week person with dates and i always forget the last periods date. this app saved my life. ,,, POSITIVE
Was a good app, but not being able to record flow for more than seven days made it impossible for me to accurately record my cycle. When that was raised with the developer they ignored it, and pretended they didn't understand other feedback (yet their English here seems fluent). The recent update demanding an annual subscription to get rid of ads that play audio makes it unusable. Am looking for a replacement. ,,, NEGATIVE
Good app overall but for people suffering with menstrual problems, the flow dates need to be extended or custom. It will be easier for us to keep a track. ,,, NEUTRAL
very useful ,,, POSITIVE
impeccable prediction accuracy ,,, POSITIVE
good ,,, POSITIVE
Great! Useful and pretty :) ,,, POSITIVE
helpful application ,,, POSITIVE
nice ,,, POSITIVE
perfect ,,, POSITIVE
amazing one wallah I lovee ittt ❤️ ,,, POSITIVE
very good app ,,, POSITIVE
useless ,,, NEGATIVE
very accurate ,,, POSITIVE
i love this app. Been using it since 2.5 years. It always helps me track my dates as i usually forget. Reminds me to carry my tampons. Plus it alerts me on days my mood wouldn't be that great, so when i lose it at work, home or with friends I just remember that it ain't me and it's just because I'm on my won't dates. That totally helps me from losing it . 💙 ,,, POSITIVE
must download this app...I'm very hppy wid this app...it tracks my cycle properly... ,,, POSITIVE
Its very useful🤗and it gives a reminder on our dates to be cautious about our period ☺️ I have been updating my period every month and it do help us to know our health too❤thank you💕and i really love this app🔥 ,,, POSITIVE
This app is very good at predicting my cycles. I'm happy to not be caught off guard. I'm also using it to learn how my hormone cycle affects my moods and health. :) Yay! ,,, POSITIVE
This app is awesome, it's really accurate with the days about your period and the recommendations are really helpful. One day i would like to see they add a following for the shots. ,,, POSITIVE
helpful app. I m satisfied with this app ,,, POSITIVE
very nice app ,,, POSITIVE
is easy to use and very helpful ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this app for almost 4years now. It has helped a lot. ,,, POSITIVE
Perfect! ,,, POSITIVE
Excellent app ,,, POSITIVE
good ,,, POSITIVE
good app.very accurate . ,,, POSITIVE
Great app and features to follow and track your cycle. Both for conception or not. ,,, POSITIVE
still missed count up to 1-2 days, but overall I have a good experience with this app. ,,, POSITIVE
love this app and the sharing... ,,, POSITIVE
very good App ,,, POSITIVE
good and accurate ,,, POSITIVE
This app is very genuine & helping female to be aware of her period. I always liked it! ,,, POSITIVE
very nice ,,, POSITIVE
I like it, is simple and easy to use. ,,, POSITIVE
design : 5/5 purpose met : 5/5 totally love this app 💖 ,,, POSITIVE
very helpful does what it say it does ,,, POSITIVE
The best period tracker app ,,, POSITIVE
I have been using this from 18 November 2016. I just mark the beginning of the cycle n I am all set for next month. This is the best app for everyone who need to trach their or their girlfriend's/wife's cycle.. seven star. 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 ,,, POSITIVE
